I will give it to Sanders, it does seem shady to completely shut all of his nominees out of the rules committee.but it's a weird issue to make hay over in public, considering the arcane intricacies of the national convention are something that 90% of voters don't know and don't care about.	negative	
> considering the arcane intricacies of the national convention are something that 90% of voters don't know and don't care about.Something that Sanders would like to change, I'm sure. It's harder to pull shady shit on the process level with the candidate shining a light into all the corners.It also shows that he's not an idiot or a pushover and he's not going to walk into a convention that's clearly stacked against him.Raising the issue now gives him time to really press the DNC pre-convention.	positive	
If Sanders wanted to be well represented on the various committees then he shouldn't have spent the last month talking about "contesting" the convention. Clinton can easily deal with Sanders staying in the race until June 7th but she can't let Trump have a multi-day infomercial and then follow it up with the Bernie Sanders Yells At Clouds show and still fare well. Sanders is finding out that the time to compromise was after the Acela Primaries. If he wanted influence he had the chips to get it. He's losing bargaining chips by the day by staying in. 	negative	
It's not shady -- the idea that the Rules committee should reflect the two nominees is something that Sanders just invented.  It's not shady for the DNC to pick people who have experience working in the DNC to leadership positions at the DNC.  Sanders is kinda coming out or left field and demanding that people do what he wants, or they're corrupt.  I don't think it's surprising that when a guy parachutes in and spends months calling you corrupt, fails to ever lead with the polls, votes or delegates, and then demands equal say while calling you biased, you respond by telling him that you don't serve at his pleasure.	negative	
Man you Clinton people are *hugely* misreading the mood of the Democratic primary. Bernie Sanders is running about 45% nationally. 45 out of 100 Democrats prefer him to Hillary Clinton. All of this nastiness attacking Bernie Sanders is really going to turn them off, and the gamesmanship that denies them seats at the convention is going to discourage all those young people from participating in the political process, because they will feel like they cannot make a difference against the machineSeriously. Hillary is a wonderful candidate. But I've never seen another front runner go so negative against the opposition before, and I've never seen their supporters so vitriolic against the opposition candidate.	negative	
Go read up? I was on the Obama campaign team. When Hillary was the front runner, she treated Obama nicely. Then she started to slip and went at him hard.And then Obama started to pull back the attacks as well.For a candidate who has consistently been in the lead nationally, Hillary has gone historically negative, only next to Trump.	negative	
How is she being negative? Nasty campaigns against Sanders start with calling him a communist and devolve from there. She has been incredibly friendly towards him. If you want to see a negative campaign you only have to look over at the Republicans, don't tell me you really think the Dem primary holds a candle to the unbridled hostility we're seeing over there.	positive	
I think this is it. He's hoping to leverage as much as he can get out of dropping out. But I don't think he realizes that every day that goes by, he gets a little less powerful as the media stops mentioning him. 	negative	
Yes, and every open letter he sends weakens his negotiating power.  He's spending his ammo, and it may just backfire on him.  Even though the remaining primaries don't matter and Clinton isn't even advertising in those states, I wouldn't be surprised if this strategy hurts him, and Democrats decide enough is enough.  Especially as they see the Republican Party settle on Trump, they may decide it's time for the Democratic Party to get behind Clinton.	negative	
He has vastly overestimated his political power. While 43% of the Democratic voters voted for him a good majority of them still like and will support Clinton and want nothing more to do with this kind of scorched earth extremism. It seems as if there was a negotiation at some point where Bernie Sanders asked for the moon, the DNC and Hillary told him that wasn't going to happen, and he responded by saying that he was going to then make life hell for them. The problem is that what he asked for in concessions, probably making the convention a Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton co-convention hurts the Democrats more than letting him pitch his temper tantrum. Really giving him anything was a sign of good faith and magnanimity. There's no harm in giving him a nice speaking slot, a night to highlight progressive issues, maybe let one of his progressive candidates for Congress make a speech. But that's all he's getting and each day that he continues on and each desperate and silly attack he makes on Clinton just weakens his credibility more, diminishes his political power more, and makes him even more toxic as a convention speaker. 	negative	
Oh god, you just made me envision Sanders at the DNC giving his traditional stump speech about corruption and millionaires and billionaires and wall street.  I mean, is he even capable of otherwise, I seem to have forgotten a time in which he did.  I think I'm going to be sick.	negative	
He's got nothing left to do but throw every hail mary he can; so why the hell not make it public, I guess.I don't think it will change a thing. It makes sense at this point for the party to coalesce or it'll fall behind.	negative	
> He's got nothing left to do but throw every hail mary he canWell, I mean, there are other options.  He could drop out, like everyone else who knows they have no chance did.  Or he could just ride it out without acting like a jackass.	negative	
Only if you assume Super Delegates won't vote with what the people vote and will stick to their original statements before the voting started. Bernie can still mathematically win the people's vote, unlike Cruz/Kasich, who in a Democrat Party system would essentially be counting on the Super Delegates to choose them over the one the people chose.	positive	
Just more proof Bernie isn't in this for the good of the Democratic Party, Bernie is in this for Bernie. Changing how the primary process works isn't losing gracefully like someone who cared about the good of the party would. As a Hillary supporter, it would be harder and harder for me to actually support Bernie if he were somehow the nominee after the shit he's pulled trying to divide the DNC. 	negative	
>  Bernie is in this for BernieWhile he lost my support over a month ago, I'd say he's more in it for the American people (or at least that's how I believe he's rationalizing this)	positive	
He is.He just happens to think that he knows what the people want and what's best for them despite any and all evidence to the contrary.	negative	
> As a Hillary supporter, it would be harder and harder for me to actually support Bernie if he were somehow the nominee after the shit he's pulled trying to divide the DNC. You're forgetting Trump. Trump blows away any seeming differences. But if he was running against someone like McCain? They would be getting close to swapping places in my candidate ordering.  	negative	
I *did* vote for Bernie, back on March 1st. After the last month, I wish I hadn't. He said he would campaign on the issues, but it now seems he is more focused on attacking Clinton's legitimacy, stoking the fire of conspiracy theories. This isn't what I voted for, and I feel he has abused my good faith.	negative	
Well the DNC and Hillary campaign should stop trying marginalize a significant portion if the party.	negative	
Again, the independents Sanders claims should vote are not democrats. My issue with Sanders is I believe he has a "holier than thou" attitude and that his wing believes stonewalling is better than giving up just a little for compromise  	negative	
You can't have your cake and eat it too. Bernie Sanders has lost the nomination but spent the past month talking about how it will be a contested convention and that they're going to try and make a floor fight out of it. You can't threaten to go to war with someone and then get offended when they start building walls. If he wanted influence on these things it was available to him. In fact, it's probably still available to him. He can negotiate with Clinton and drop out in return for X, Y, and Z. If he continues then he'll get a speech at 4am on Tuesday and a gold plaque thanking him for his service. 	negative	
Sorry, you don't get to be johnny come latley to the party, run a loosing campaign, then whine that the rules are un-fair.  Bernie knew the rules when he decided to run, just as Trump did.  Trump may have complained, but he did so as part of a winning strategy; something impossible for Bernie to do at this point. Clinton was way closer to Obama at this point in 08 and while she complained/delved into strategies, she did not resort to the stunts that Bernie is pulling; she actually g.a.s about the party.  Bernie's just grasping at straws trying to subvert the will of the democratic party because he holds big rallies.	negative	
Party discipline. There are losers in every primary. Sanders supporters are literally ignoring centuries of precedent by demanding their candidate should win.	negative	
It does when * It's not part of a strategy that has a shot at winning.* It's not been consistent since the start of the campaign.* Is something you would demonize your opponent for were the tables turned.If there was a <100 delegate (or really <50) gap and the popular vote was within a % or two, then yeah, identifying 'un-fairness' is a valid strategy.That's not the case here* Clinton has a ~2 or 3m popular vote lead - even when factoring in the scenario of caucuses counting as popular votes.   [Source](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2016/04/06/is-hillary-clinton-really-ahead-of-bernie-sanders-by-2-5-million-votes/)* Bernie is behind by ~300 pledged delates, with no realistic path to closing the gapThis is grasping at straws; at this point i am just waiting for Bernie to pick a young charismatic Latina as his VP on the eve of the CA Primary /s.	negative	
Bernie was never in this for the Democratic Party, Bernie was never a Democrat.He thinks he can walk into the DNC change the rules, change the platform while having zero allegiance to the party and having zero relationships with the party. He's delusional.	negative	
And his campaign wonders why the DNC hasn't been giving him hugs and kisses for the last six months.	negative	
Agree entirely. This election cycle has been for many the first real view into the way the election process happens. And it's clear at lest to me that the process is broken and only exists to serve the party elite. The longer Sanders stays in the more he exposes the process for the fraud that it is. I think what he's doing is good, healthy and long overdue. 	positive	
The question comes down to something he was asked on NPR: what's more important, having a Democrat as president, or having Bernie Sanders as president? I suspect deep down, the two candidates have different answers for this. As much as Hillary wants to be president, she understands that having a democrat in the office is more important. Sanders seems to think he's the only one who can do the job. 	negative	
Bernie shouldn't be allowed to dictate the platform, but that doesn't mean his ideas should be ignored. Those 40% should get their chance to speak and if their positions have majority support they should be included in the platform. He's asking for the makeup of the committees to reflect the makeup of the Democratic Party, which doesn't sound too unreasonable to me.	positive	
Yeah he's not the brightest bulb in the box. That's one of the many reasons I volunteered with Hillary's primary campaign this year.	negative	
How do you know that's true? All his actions to change the party that he is demanding are to personally benefit him. That's clearly being selfish.	negative	
Just look at his campaign. I used to believe that he was an OK guy too. This campaign has completely banished that idea from me. He consistently takes steps that personally benefit himself at the expense of ensuring we have a Democratic President, which is always my first concern from elections. 	negative	
Bernie himself is a curmudgeon from what others in Congress have said. I don't think he's some old man being led astray by his advisers. He got a taste of the limelight and liked it. Now he can't let go.	negative	
Honestly, who wouldn't be intoxicated by the seemingly endless tides of youth at his rallies though?  All his life ideas, and his every word is hung on.   It's got to be so satisfying at that age.	positive	
You really think the campaign manager isn't doing what the candidate wants? That his actions aren't approved of? It's also far from the first time he's worked with Weaver too, he knows who he is.Sanders hired an attack dog as a campaign manager and lets him run free for a reason. Of course he knows what his campaign manager is doing.	negative	
This is so stupid. Bernie hasn't done anything to prevent a democratic president. If anything, he's helped Hillary by pushing away the notion that she's being "coronated" by the DNC. 	positive	
Well now the narrative that she has rightfully earned her nomination is established. Bernie continuing to fight the party is only damaging it. We need to get united to prevent Trump from taking the White House. Bernie can continue his crusade to reform the party after the election.	negative	
No. He is damaging the party by mudslinging, particularly when it no longer provides any material benefit. I lost whatever respect I still had for Bernie when his campaign took an article about legitimate campaign finance concerns and spun it as "Clinton is literally engaged in money laundering."Attacking Clinton in such a fashion now serves no purpose other than to inflict as much damage as possible, which ends up benefitting no one but Republicans come November.	negative	
There's fighting for a nomination and trying to dismantle the DNC for supporting the person who has won the primary, citing a conspiracy. It's always a conspiracy to him.	negative	
He makes charges of DNC conspiracy out of one side of his mouth, and then claims he's waging an 'issues-based' campaign out of the other. What to his supporters looks like honesty looks more like duplicity to me.	negative	
> How do you know that's true? All his actions to change the party that he is demanding are to personally benefit him. That's clearly being selfish.Maybe not selfish, but I think he's certainly self centered. I swear I remember him talking about how the platform for the Dems should be made. He said, if he won the nomination it would just be his positions. If Hillary won though he would certainly expect some input though. !>_<! He looks at everything through his lens. 	negative	
If the lead was flipped and Hillary did something similar do you think she would be given the same? Bernie is whining his way till July it is embarrassing 	negative	
If he's trying to stir up the base, he's doing a piss poor job at it. I'm a socialist (not a democratic socialist, a socialist socialist) for crying out loud and I'm heavily considering voting Hillary in the upcoming primary so we can focus on defeating Trump.	negative	
This is getting sad and it's really starting to drag the Democrats down.I stand by my thoughts and I still have more respect for Ted Cruz than I do Bernie at this point.	negative	
When was the last democratic convention sanders attended?	negative	
I wouldn't suggest two people get married who've known each other for as little time as Bernie has half-heartedly claimed to be a Democrat. The idea that he gets to dictate new rules is absurd.	negative	
He's really entering "Old Man Yells at Cloud" levels.  He's not winning, he's not tied, why does he want things to be split equally?	negative	
This shis is really worrying me. His rabid supporters now disrupt every Clinton rally, yesterday in L.A was ugly. I worry these people will cause total chaos at the convention even if tells them not to	negative	
I just wanted to remind everyone that most of us Bernie supporters are not like this and will support Hillary in November (and most of the ones who won't weren't Democrats in the first place). There are unfortunately some irrational Bernie supporters though, and they are a problem.	positive	
Who does this guy think he is? Spends his entire career talking trash about burn parties then jumps on one for the free publicity and expects them to cave into everyone of his demands? He doesn't care if he splits the vote anymore. This so called "revolution" is just about him	negative	
He's running out of moves.This is just like what Ted Cruz did when he nominated a VP pick before the convention. It's fine gamesmanship, but Hillary's is better. Let's not pretend that there's any principled ideal at stake here.	negative	
