Ask him why having a bunch of poorly capitalized small banks somehow leads to more financial stability than having a few big banks. Did our network of small banks help us in the 30's? Did Canada's big banks hurt them in the 00's?Forget HOW, he doesn't even have a good answer for WHY.	negative	bernie	
I agree that too big a risk is the correct answer instead of a fixed number, but if you can't specify the factors then the answer is a dodge.	negative	bernie	
>the senator knows "exactly" how to carry out one of his top prioritiesSo why the fuck didn't he tell the NYDN when asked?	negative	bernie	
>BernieBros actually believe this.Look, the fact that he wasn't giving a discourse on all the different ways this works shows he's not the expert we thought he was on these things. If you can't see this you need to get out of your echochmabers and hugboxes for a minute.	negative	bernie	
It scares me to think that some believe believe that Bernie's an expert on.. well.. anything.	negative	bernie	
And why hasn't he done it all this time as a Senator?  If he become President, the first step to *any* plan to break up the banks is going to be legislative.	negative	bernie	
I'm not convinced they won't. What you're saying would be fine if Sanders was just running a message campaign but he's not. He is telling his people he can win and they believe him. So they pour their hearts into it, give money they don't have to support him, create a reality in which Sanders is the only candidate who can save America. Nothing wrong with that necessarily, but the Sanders campaign has gone further. Not only are they building him up as the one white hope, they are trying to tear Clinton down. Calling her corrupt, calling her a liar, insinuating she's bought and sold, accusing the Democratic Party and Clinton campaign of literally **stealing** the election from him. How does he walk that back when it's over? Tell his followers he was just kidding?If this is your first election and you put everything you had into Bernie only to have it "snatched away" by a "rigged system," how do you come away from that enthused about the political process? I'm betting those people will be even less likely to participate in the future then if Sanders stayed in Vermont. If the Republican Party wasn't such a colossal mess this cycle they would be holding prayer breakfasts in honor of Bernie Sanders.	negative	bernie	
Let's dispel this notion that Bernie Sanders knows what he's doing. He doesn't have a clue what he's doing.	negative	bernie	
and worse, why do we still have no more information about his plan to carry out that policy? I'm shocked that the Sanders campaign still hasn't managed to scrape together more details after it became clear that this interview was going to get a lot of negative attention. 	negative	bernie	
>That's one of two stories that WaPo wrote on the matter. His plan is basically ask the oversight panel (chaired by the Sec of Treasury) to more aggressively choose "significant" banks and push legislation that forces them to downsize themselves.The problem with this is it still doesn't dive into *how* you downsize the banks. If the bank is one size and shrinks to another, where do the parts that once were, go to? 	negative	bernie	
A modified version of the opening of Season 1 of Battlestar Galactica:>The BernieBros Were Created by Bernie. They Rebelled against the DNC. >They Evolved. They Look and Feel Democratic. Some are programmed to >think they are Democrats. There are many copies. And they have a Plan.	negative	bernie	
Next thing you know he'll be trying to tell us he has a secret plan to fight inflation.	negative	bernie	
I have no doubt that he knows, *now*.  He just didn't know two days ago.  Clinton is right, he didn't do his homework.  Sure, he can turn it in, now, but he's getting points deducted.	negative	bernie	
He has very strong opinions about the things he wants to get done, unfortunately he has no actual details about how they will become reality.	negative	bernie	
He was much better as an advocacy candidate, rather than an actual possibility for president.	positive	bernie	
Yup. My appraisal of him did a 180 after he started seeming viable.I liked him a lot during the first debate. He was good at being a truth teller willing to say bold stuff.But the further the primary went the more I started to dislike him.	negative	bernie	
Go to his website, a bunch of pablum. When other progressives like Krugman ask him for details on his programs we get crickets chirping.	negative	bernie	
You're right. I think Bernie may have lost a few more deep thinking voters. I may not like Hill but she does have an undeniable reputation of being someone who gets things done, and it made the campaign look petty with a comparison, rather than a simple rebuttal.	negative	hillary	
If the problem is that it's so complex, why couldn't Bernie say that? Instead he said he didn't know if he had the authority or who has the authority and hasn't looked into legal ramifications. That's totally different. Bringing up equal pay is just a deflection to move the goalposts.	negative	bernie	
tfw when Hillary passed the same amount of bills Bernie did in just two terms in congress LMAO	positive	hillary	
I thought this was a joke. That's actually in there. Like passing an ammendment by roll call vote is the epitome of legislative accomplishment. Is that really their best defence? It just kinda highlights the fact that he was never able to pass actual legislation in 30 years in Congress.	negative	bernie	
I'm no fan of the big banks, but I'm surprised that nobody has pointed out that banking is a global business and there's only three U.S. banks in the ranks of [the top twenty global banks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_largest_banks).For somebody who's supposedly so concerned about foreign competition with U.S. workers, you'd think Sanders would spare a moment wondering what happens when he forces the only domestic competitors in the global banking sector to shrink.Of course I mean what happens after the Chinese and European banks finish throwing their huge party.	negative	bernie	
Hillary should use Barney Frank's argument and make Bernie have to define at what point he would set the maximum bank size. Because during the 2008 financial crisis some of the most devastating failures weren't the very biggest in size.I'm all for breaking up the banks if the regulators decide under Dodd Frank that they need to be. But I'm not for breaking up the banks just because it makes for a good political soundbite at rallies.The focus should be on risk and not just size. If you just turn one risky big bank into 10 smaller equally risky small banks, that doesn't solve the problem (and probably makes it worse b/c it's easier for regulators to focus on just 1 problem, and 10 smaller banks can't take advantage of scale to be able to mitigate their risks).Bernie seems to want to break banks up mostly just to punish them, which is childish.	negative	bernie	
Yup.  He doesn't seem to get the difference between revenge and reform.  I would love to seem him answer that and then get pushed on it b/c i doubt he'd give a clear answer.Also, a fair number of experts don't think breaking up banks is the best option.  Like you said, reducing risks is more important.  The biggest banks help us compete globally, and they were the only ones who had the ability to absorb other bank failures during the recession. 	negative	bernie	
Hillary has been saying Dodd-Frank provides the tools if it becomes necessary and now Sanders is finally agreeing with her.	positive	hillary	
Bernie is going to take jobs away from hard working bankers and wall street people. Not everyone working in financial areas are rich. There are tellers, janitors, food cafeteria people. lots of people wil be hurt only because he thinks "breaking" things, fix things! stop kidding yourself. we need banks, for mortages for loans. if you break banks what are we gonna do? barter?	negative	bernie	
Bernie knows...A snake-oil salesman always knows he's selling a lie.	negative	bernie	
I am sure he knows now.  It's just sad he didn't already know for the interview.  I wonder who told him how to do it.  Maybe they should be running for President.	negative	bernie	
Sanders might have a "plan," but it's not one based in reality.	negative	bernie	
