I share a Bernie something or other post almost daily. One of my friends commented that she keeps hearing about this guy Bernie and is thinking about registering to vote and wants to check him out more (yes!). My Aunt is also very on the fence and I've been seeing her initial opinion start to turn toward considering Bernie :). Point being, keep talking, discussing, and not just liking, but sharing those posts! Donate to his campaign because Bernie is owned by the people who he represents!	positive	bernie	
I think this is the right mentality, but I would caution that tone is very important. I don't identify as a Sanders supporter, even though I would vote for him, because I have been so frustrated with the people I know who do identify as zealous Sanders supporters. These are people who post clickbait attacks on Hillary daily, but have dealt with me with hostility and outrage when I mentioned I had problems with Sanders stances on immigration and gun control. If you want to sway people to vote for Sanders, you have to deal with them on their terms and address their concerns about his candidacy. Too many people I know have bought into the reddit circlejerk about him so severely that they're actually a liability to the Sanders campaign because of their toxic tone and the way they deal with disagreement.  	negative	bernie	
Sounds like Sanders takes mainstream positions on gun control and immigration reform. That would help him in the general election against a Republican.	positive	bernie	
Regarding immigration, he wants to get people in the country on the road to citizenship/green card, because people working in this country illegally drives wages down for everyone.  He also wants to seriously curtail the temporary worker program because the workers are often paid a fraction of what a qualified American would earn doing the same job and they can often be taken advantage of in other ways, plus it drives wages down for everyone.  He's for higher wages for everyone so he's against things that get in the way of that.	positive	bernie	
> He's got himself a footrace for name ID.All people have to do is hear him.  It's going to be very difficult for people who identify with liberal ideology not to get really wrapped up in what he's pushing for.    That's part of the big problem with the infuriating reduction in the democratic debates from 20 in 2008 to 6 (!!!) this year.  If Sanders was able to debate Clinton a mere 12 or so times during the primary season, it would be very difficult for voters to ignore.  The guy is what democrats think of when they draw the perfect candidate.  	positive	bernie	
They also made it so the Republican debates started like 2 weeks ago but the Democratic debates don't start until Mid-October.  I think they were hoping Sanders campaign would run out of steam by then, but he's still on the up and up.	positive	bernie	
I'd buy this.  Most people do absolutely no research on candidates at all, so Hillary would be the one they know about.  If they knew Bernie existed and read up on him a bit, I bet it'd all change.	positive	bernie	
There has been a huge divide withing the Democratic party between the affluent young liberal voting block and the poorer less educated working class voting block since at least the 1960s. The internet is not the cause of this divide since it's been going on since long before that. The candidate representing the working class faction usually wins, because the liberal yuppy faction is much smaller. Obama is a rare exception to this because he appealed to working class minorities as well as affluent liberal yuppies. Sanders will have a very hard time repeating Obama's feat. 	negative	bernie	
Hillary should appeal to neither. She is a borderline Republican, and much more right wing than her husband.	negative	hillary	
I've got two blue collar friends, one of whom is a dyed in the wool Union guy, who've basically said they don't think Sanders could get anything done in office. That he'd just get jammed by a republican house who hates his socialist guts. It's better to have someone who agrees with you a reasonable amount and can get stuff done, than someone who agrees with you fully but can't do shit.Bottomline: they don't believe in sanders' ability to politic.	negative	bernie	
Their thought process would hold some ground if it wasnt for how toxic our politics is.The Republicans will hence forth deny any democratic candidate any leverage.. all we have now is the bully pulpit, which sanders believes in utilizing. Your friends are simply wrong to believe the reds will ever give another blue any leeway by choice - that ship has sailed.We need a dem that will utterly insult and destroy their arguments with the realities of american life.. which sanders is committed to doingUnfortunately explaining all that to someone who doesnt understand the last 3 decades of the party's history wouldnt understand it 	positive	bernie	
I hope so. I really agree with Sanders' positions in a lot of ways as a socialist* myself and it's disappointing that someone like him has such an uphill battle. It remains to be seen how far he can go without getting dirty.*^^^alright, ^^^democratic ^^^socialist. 	positive	bernie	
Not if they want a Republican to win, it's much easier to attack Clinton on all of her scandals than it is to attack Bernie Sanders. Ann Coulter said this recently on Lou Dobbs show> > Well I wish Fox news would go a little easier on Hillary Clinton, she's the one we want to run against. Could you guys just back off? Because I feel like this is deja vu again. We used to say "Oh our our next president isn't gonna be a guy named Barrack Hussein Obama", our next President could be Bernie Sanders if you people keep this up!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0BKkb2gtw8  starts at 3:30	negative	hillary	
They have been trying to take Hillary down for the past 20 years.  They can't even scratch that old battle axe.  Nothing they have has ever hurt her.  Fox wants nothing more than for the dems to rip themselves apart just like the republicans are currently doing.  They're going to back the underdog regardless.	positive	hillary	
Yes. Hillary strengths line up perfectly with GOP weakness, e.g. Women and minorities. She crushes where they are weakest. 	positive	hillary	
> The black vote will be heavily democratic either wayYou still have to drive turnout.  Black voters aren't going to vote for a Republican, but if you don't give them a reason to vote for you, they won't vote at all.  And look at the polls; Sanders hasn't connected with black voters at all.  	negative	bernie	
I very much disagree with Coulter's comment there.  Hillary's mainstream support would be way harder for Republicans to counter in the general election.	positive	hillary	
I'm not so sure. They've been prepping for Hillary since 2007, maybe even earlier. I think that the socialism card is only going to appeal to supporters that are already hard republican. It's going to take a lot more than that to convince moderates, especially when he welcomes it as an opportunity to teach. Anyways, it's incredibly unlikely that a Republican wins this election and Bernie is actually looking better than Hillary in some facets of winning the general already despite name recognition: https://revolutionaryds.wordpress.com/2015/05/02/can-bernie-sanders-win-the-2016-general-election/http://www.dailykos.com/story/2014/11/20/1346224/-GOP-Columnist-The-VERY-Bad-News-FOR-THE-GOP-in-the-GOP-s-Midterm-Victory	positive	bernie	
Hillary has a scandal ridden past that dates back to before Bill's stint as governor of Arkansas. 	negative	hillary	
Centrist republicans with a reasonable penchant for honesty may warn up to Bernie as well. Guessing there's noticeable support from that end of the spectrum	positive	bernie	
Actually it can. I encourage everyone to check out what we did in Richmond, CA. The Chevron corporation spent over $3M to squash grassroots candidates/buy the city council that holds it's refinery accountable. It backfired: residents tossed the negative mailers/calls and gave progressives not just a landslide, but total victory (all 5 races.) 	negative	bernie	
As soon as I started paying attention to Bernie Sanders and what he's done, Clinton has lost my vote.	positive	bernie	
The liberal portion of this country needs to show support for Sanders if they want a truly progressive candidate. Even diehard liberals like Bill Maher, just Friday on his site, are still writing out Sanders in favor of Hillary. Donate, voice your opinion to peers, do whatever is needed. I'm someone who makes enough money that playing statistics I should be a republican, but we need a president like Sanders if we want to bring the US forward without waiting another 20 years for it to happen. History proves prices cannot be stopped, but it can easily be slowed. There are enough millenials who can vote now, we should still waiting for the world we want and make it happen instead. 	positive	bernie	
Clinton is status quo.Same pro-corporate bullshit.  The US needs to concentrate on the actual people and infrastructure for a few years. 	negative	hillary	
I follow all democratic candidates and Hillary isn't my first choice but I like her all the same. For me she is neck and neck with Sanders on issues. Sanders is a little better when it comes to ideals but I believe Hillary is more realistic in what can be done at this point. But honestly as someone who follows both of the top candodates I'd say they have been presenting information on issues around the same time. They are without a doubt looking at each other, and in a way responding directly .    I'd suggest following both of then on Facebook simultaneously to see what I'm saying. Once one of them says one thing, the other doubles down on their position like clockwork. 	positive	hillary	
reading the foxnews comments on this it seems even the fox news readers are interesting in Bernie (and trump) because neither is establishment candidate.	positive	bernie	
And still the media only attributes this decline to "the email scandal" and not the possibility that Bernie Sanders could be legitimately gaining supporters.	positive	bernie	
As a Canadian with a lot of friends and brothers in the U.S. I really hope Sanders wins. 	positive	bernie	
As someone who has not voted democrat for over 30 years (I have voted libertarian) I would vote for Sanders. He seems genuine and honest. He reminds me of Jimmy Carter.I have spent a lot of time in Washington lately working on legislation for Cybersecurity (trying to get a law passed to make big software companies be more transparent about their vulnerabilities to customers) and realize how corrupt Washington is and how much power money has over politicians, who admit it to my face. Sanders would be fighting a huge uphill battle. I have to admire someone who obviously knows that and is still willing to take the beating. It gives me a little hope. 	positive	bernie	
The insane level of mobilization by the Democratic establishment behind Hillary Clinton without any other eggs in any other basket is coming back to bite them in the ass.    So many people could have at least tried to run, it's not like there's no bench at all.  Some respectable governors:  Jerry Brown, Dannell Malloy, John Hickenlooper, Steve Beshear.  O'Malley would have been a great candidate if not for everyone who could have helped him already being in the tank for Clinton.  Plenty of Senators with ideas/things to say that are presidential material, or at least wort the opportunity to be on the primary stage.  Hell, I'd vote John Kerry for president all over again.  None of them even bothered, because every major donor and organization that would help them get off the ground was already behind Hillary.    It's frustrating how stupid it is, it's been clear since the beginning she had nowhere to go but down, and now it's biting the DNC in the ass.  Sanders is fantastic in a lot of ways, but he also has challenges when it comes to the general election.  Two people is still not enough.	negative	hillary	
