Dexter Tong

Final Project Proposal
Natural Language Processing

1 Problem Statement

How can the opinions of an online ”community” be captured? More specifically, I will investigate the opinions
of users of reddit.com (a very large forum) regarding this year’s US presidential candidates. I will implement
some kind of sentiment analysis, tailoring it for my focus on the 2016 election, to see how members of reddit
tend to feel about the presidential candidates (Clinton, Sanders, Trump, Cruz, and maybe even Kasich) and
those candidates’ stances on various political issues.

2 Strategy

I plan to analyze each post as follows: searching either in the same sentence, or adjacent ones, or within the
same paragraph, to guess which candidate and what issue the post is talking about, and the post author’s
sentiment towards it (Likely using a bag-of-words model for simplicity). Reddit has an interesting voting
feature, in which other users can ”upvote” or ”downvote” the posts of others that they agree with, or disagree
with, respectively. This could be employed as a weighting factor to determine the overall sentiment of various
politics-related reddit subforums*: Highly-voted posts are likely to contain sentiments that agree with the
majority. There would also need to be filtering done on post content or vote totals: Highly ”downvoted”
posts should probably be ignored, and very short posts, say only a few words long, or even profane ones, are
unlikely to contain a meaningful opinion. Going into this, I think that a reasonable representation for posts
could be a 4-tuple containing (1) the candidate’s name, (2) some election topic, (3) the poster’s opinion of the
candidate’s stance on the topic, and (4) a weighting factor based on voting. From this data, various statistics
could be produced, such as the overall political leanings of a subforum of reddit.
*For example, https://www.reddit.com/r/hillaryclinton is a subforum of reddit that mostly contains dis-
cussions and posts by reddit users who support Hillary Clinton. Posts there could perhaps be compared to
those of Sanders supporters, for instance.
A suitably large corpus can be assembled quickly through a web scraper, given the high level of activity
on reddit. I plan to build by sentiment analyzer on a training corpus that I will create, using a selection of
posts and manually annotating them. With regards to the post’s opinion, it may be best to categorize them
as postive, neutral, and negative, given the difficulty of objectively rating feelings. This is likely what my
system will categorize posts as too, though I will explore trying to calculate a more fine-grained metric. If I
stick with the bag-of-words model, this would mean counting the number of positive versus negative words in
a sentence, or something similar.
This is out of the intended scope of my project, but this could possibly be extended to other internet/social
media discussion platforms.
