Krugman has been testing into Sanders policy for months now. For anyone who follows him that ship sailed long ago	negative	
Yeah, I disagree with plenty of Krugman's analysis (Hurricane Sandy being good for the economy as an example), but I have a hard time disagreeing with his criticisms of Sanders. I think Krugman is talking to a wall right now. The people that he is directing this article at aren't going to listen. The people that will listen have likely been listening for months. When you set a narrative of being anti-establishment, you can just ignore people like Krugman under the guise of them being the establishment. 	negative	
This has been a scary phenomenon for a little while now. I have a very successful brother-in-law who is a dentist and will rail against climate change deniers all day, making fun of them for not following the science. I kid you not, he let his kids opt out of vaccines this year, is starting to go against western medicine in favor of eastern methods and won't listen at all when someone tells him that Bernie's plans are almost impossible to implement. His wife is the same way, and she is a very intelligent person also, I am just dumbfounded that some in the progressive movement are denying facts and science the way that they are.	negative	
We're already there -- look at some of the bizarre paths to victory the Sanders crowd has been drawing.	negative	
As a Bernie supporter, I mostly agree with Krugman. Bernie's campaign is starting to get ugly as it becomes more obvious he can't win, and this is counterproductive. Bernie has always been a long shot, and instead of being sore losers, we should focus on the positive: Bernie's unexpectedly high levels of success have given a new legitimacy to left-wing positions that were considered far outside the mainstream just a year ago. There's a real chance to start a movement here, complete with Congressional candidates. Not for 2016, but in 4 or 8 years, who knows?	negative	
One of the reasons I have continued to support Sanders financially is because I value pushing the Overton Window back to the left, regardless of whether or not he wins the nomination. 	positive	
I'm most definitely not a Sanders supporter, but I must admit that he's done much better than I expected.  	positive	
As long as Bernie, and his supporters, continue to not do anything to positively influence down-the-ballot positions then I don't believe there's much chance of>a new legitimacy to left-wing positions that were considered far outside the mainstream just a year ago.The chance to start a movement begins with pushing placements in seats *other than* the presidency.Sanders, and his campaign, have repeatedly failed to hit that mark.	negative	
I agree that the movement needs to elect Congressmen and Senators in order to actually accomplish anything. But it's too late to do that in this election cycle, and it was probably already too late last May when Bernie launched his campaign, because it's unrealistic to expect them to recruit or track down Congressional candidates who fit their ideology, and run a presidential campaign at the same time. It's not like there were already a bunch of viable far-left Congressional candidates for them to support.What Bernie has done is raise awareness and granted legitimacy to liberal positions, as I said. There was never any real chance he would win in 2016. But maybe this wave of support can turn into a more viable movement in future election cycles.	positive	
Great word choice! :) If nothing else, Sanders has inspired many young people to become involved in the political process. I know I'll be voting each midterm from now on.	positive	
Paul Krugman is in the unusual position of being a left-wing political commentator with a national and international readership who also holds a Nobel Prize in economics. His comments are pretty powerful considering that he has consistently attacked the Democrats for not being progressive enough. If he has no faith in Bernie Sanders' understanding of economic policy then that's a pretty good sign that moderate Democrats won't find much to like in a Sanders nomination.Of course this won't matter at all to Bernie Sanders' supporters. Their attitude seems to be that breaking up the banks has a totemic importance that's far in excess of any actual fiscal, monetary or policy benefits created by new Wall St. regulations. There's very little evidence that the progressive wing of the party is undertaking a big effort to inform itself about financial markets.	negative	
I have never heard any Sanders supporter clarify exactly how breaking up the big banks benefits society, nor heard any of them accurately assess the potential downfalls of doing so.  It's literally just emotional fervor.  It's amusing to me that this type of behaviour is coming mostly from college students, and not the uneducated.  Says a lot about modern education, really. 	negative	
This is my number one reason for disliking Sanders. His ethical purity was interesting at first but slowly as he began taking policy stances and regurgitating the same talking points while never ever going into specifics really bothered me. When left leaning economists modeled his plans even using absurd projections like you noted >4% growth rate they didnt make any sense at all. I understand he doesnt have a policy making apparatus yet as a candidate but his response to the questions, and his supporters response as well, was striking and bordering on cultish. Any question on his policy was tantanmount to an assault on Bernie and they were obviously shills for corporations or corrupt amoral people.Aside from that tone being disgusting, why would anyone vote for someone on an ideal alone? Policy matters. Consensus matters.Even if he was able to win the nom, he hasn't helped a single progressive (by his definition) down ballot? How will he get anything done, even with the own party he usurped? Doesnt make any sense. I started realizing that he operated as a protest candidate so long that he didnt think he would get this far. Only now that he thinks he has a chance is he turning negative, while still not being specific about anything.  	negative	
I voted for Sanders in the primary on the ideal alone, despite sharing most of the same concerns you articulate above. I don't think he'd make a good president, but I like what he stands for, and I'd like to see the narrative moved in the direction of dealing with issues like inequality more directly, even though I don't necessarily trust Sanders to address them.	positive	
Bernie sticks to his talking points and not much else a lot more than most major presidential contenders. Heard on npr yesterday: he responds to Clinton seemingly claiming he isn't qualified. Cue his tu quoque that she isn't qualified because she takes money from superpacs (?). This guy is exceptionally limited in his messaging	positive	
Kind of reminds me of the jokes they made about Rudy Giuliani, whatever the question was the answer was 9/11.  I really liked Bernie but have become increasingly nervous about the bridges he has been burning.  A sizeable number of Sanders voters aren't voting downticket... a bad sign for the upcoming elections.  How do the BS supporters think Bernie is going to accomplish his goals without party support?  	negative	
this pretty much describes the reasons I stopped supporting him. He is incorruptible, and a good social leader... but on policy and working with other likeminded candidates he's not very good. His fandom can't criticize him and dismisses all criticism of him as "shills for Clinton or the corrupt system" or they just "don't understand".	negative	
The interesting question here, of course, is how much do you think it matters that he all his policy ideas locked down pat before he even gets to the elections? Do you believe it is possible for a candidate who has the right political *inclinations* if you will, to actually do good work once he's in office, even if his campaign policy claims were wildly over-optimistic and pies in the skies?I know this thread is meant to discuss the economics of his proposals specifically. But the fandom that you speak of want him elected not because they believe those proposals are perfect or even realistic. It is that he will work towards the right goals, which I don't think can be said of Hillary, and almost certainly no one in the GOP.	positive	
This is an essential point. Much of Bernie's agenda would not be implemented, and in some cases probably could not be implemented exactly as outlined today. But the important thing about a Presidential candidate and campaign is to set the big picture agenda and to set goals towards which we would work.For example, Obama ran on a platform of health care reform. He didn't have the ACA developed and written before he was elected--it took policy experts, staff, Congress, and (unfortunately) for-profit interests to draft a policy and law that could be implemented. Similarly, if you look at Hillary's health care platform, it is a set of vague principles and proposed directions. That's not a criticism: that's what a Presidential platform is for, and Bernie is no different.	positive	
But Hillary's argument is that when you start from a place of pragmatism, you actually achieve more.So I'll point to a specific example she's gotten skewered on from Sanders supporters - her record on gay rights. It's preposterous to think that the Clintons would have come out in favor of marriage equality in 1992. They were coming from a Deep South state and, well, I think people are forgetting what the overall climate was like for gay marriage at that time. Most people in the country were not for it.What the Clintons could reasonably accomplish (so they thought) was allowing gays to serve in the military. They campaigned on it in '92, as did all Dems. However, even this was a hard sell. Back then, it wasn't even split on party lines - people like Dick Cheney and Barry Goldwater didn't see a problem with it while Southern Democrats did.Defense funding and authorization in general was on the line, so this wasn't a small potatoes thing that could be worked on later. Either the existing ban on LGBT people would be reinforced for another funding cycle or it wouldn't. People on both sides argued lives were on the line - that gay servicemembers were in danger on the one hand (liberals), and that HIV/AIDS was a threat on the other (conservatives).The Clintons really did not want to give up the fight entirely. So they tried DADT as a compromise. Suddenly, you could not be harassed on a witch hunt to find out if you were gay or not. Was DADT a great policy? No. But it is arguable that if DADT had not been enacted, gay rights would not have progressed further, because it got people thinking about the limitations of THAT policy and of potentially gay service people among them.If the Clintons had pressed for full inclusion in the military at the time without compromise, I have no doubt they would have gotten nothing and the funding bill would have been passed with the LGBT ban still intact. Bill went for the goal of full inclusion in the military. He had the "right goals". But he also knew how to take what he could get. This solution got *some* progress made while starting a conversation about what was left to go. It put the wheels in motion.But nah, it's easier to just say that they didn't have the "right goals" in the first place and to imagine that governing and compromise is easier than it is.	positive	
The funniest part was Freidman *still* wouldn't vote Sanders. 	negative	
To the informed it's pretty brutal.   Bernie supporters will largely attempt to dismiss him as a "free trade shill."    I don't think it does much to the average voter. He doesn't have a huge following outside polisci and economics nerds. 	negative	
Krugman is the most mainstream liberal economist that is actually trusted on these issues. He's pretty well known. He even had a cameo in ["Get Him to the Greek"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUK8w-hM2mQ). If you're a college-educated liberal, you know about him. I dont think this derails Bernie's campaign or anything, but I am very interested to read this and this reduces my already low faith in Bernie's claims 	negative	
Krugman is an economist, and like most economists he is fed up with Sanders. There are many things I'm sure that he'd love to write an article about Sanders rhetoric that he finds offensively wrong and irresponsible. I'd bet that he has seen [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCWXrMCGJT4) of Sanders displaying his extreme ignorance in an attack against Ben Bernanke, but a long critique of Sanders views on monetary policy is not likely to be very popular outside of economics students and majors.	negative	
Oh man, Ben's face during that video.  You could tell he just wanted to go off on Bernie but he couldn't for obvious reasons.  Every time Bernie cut him off after half a sentence you could see part of Ben's soul being ripped from his body.	negative	
> Ben's face during that videoYea, he realized he was dealing with an economic illiterate. His responses to Sanders were all textbook definitions of what the Fed does; due mostly to the uninformed questions Sanders was asking.	negative	
That video makes me want to punch something. I didn't realize what a ignoramus Sanders was even back then.If he would have bothered to read a single book about central banking, he could have actually asked important questions. Bernanke and the Fed weren't innocent in that crisis by any means, but Bernie asked probably the least consequential questions you could ask to the Fed Chairman. 	negative	
As soon as Bernanke starts pointing out the Fed doesn't do what Sander is asking, he just cuts him off. Same sort of tactics employed by Fox News when facts start getting in the way of their propaganda.	negative	
In that video he showed complete and total ignorance as to what the federal reserve is and does. For example he asked how Vermont farmers could take advantage of these cheap loans, when it is illegal for the federal reserve to make those kinds of loans. It wasn't just that Sanders was asking for bad policies, but that he was asking for nonsensical illegal policies.Sanders also bragged about voting against the bailout (and still does to this day), which undoubtedly saved our economy. He stood with the Republicans when he voted against the bailout and seemed to instead want austerity and a total market collapse. If this had happened we would likely still be in a depression today with unemployment rates in the 20's-30's.Sanders also talked about how he "wrote a letter" to Bernanke asking for information about what the Fed does. The Fed is an incredibly transparent organization and all of the information that he was asking for is and was publicly available. They explain who they give loans to, what the terms are, why they are giving the loans, and they even publish the exact transcripts of their meetings.These loans that Sanders was complaining about were almost all paid back in full and the US government actually made a profit from making these loans. Sanders goes on the complain that poor people cannot get low interest loans like these banks do. This shows a complete lack of understanding of what a loan is. The loans given out by the Fed were highly collateralized (meaning that if they were not paid back the Fed could take greater assets than the loan was worth from the recipients of the loans making it nearly impossible for the loans to not be paid back and thus minimizing risk for the Fed). A poor person generally does not have the collateral to get a collateralized loan (by definition of them being poor). Therefore the only way that a bank can insure that they make an overall profit on the net amount of loans given to poor people is to charge a higher interest rate with the expectation that there will be a certain percentage of these loans that will never be paid back. These types of loans have been shown to be extremely good for society as it gives poor people access to the capital necessary to start businesses, invest in themselves through property purchases, or to invest in themselves in education. These types of loans do need to be regulated due to the chance that fraud occurs (like we saw in 08) were small loan firms lie about the ability of poor people to pay back these loans.Sanders goes on to critique the Fed for not being able to foresee the financial collapse. The Fed is not a regulatory agency and can not/should not act as a regulatory oversight agency.	negative	
> I'd bet that he has seen this video  of Sanders displaying his extreme ignorance in an attack against Ben BernankeThis is hilarious because I've seen this video posted by Bernie supporters as proof of how Bernie was right. Look at the title and description. Whoever posted this video felt that Bernie killed it here.>Great Exchange! Senator Bernie Sanders can't contain himself during today's (03/03/09) Senate Budget Commitee hearing in Washington. Bad Boy Bernie demands to know who got the 2.2 trillion of dollars in loans from the Fed. Bernanke won't tell him. He's also angry that banks that get tax payer funds for nothing, are charging credit card customers 25% interest. Also discusses A.I.G. and who got those credit Defautl swaps. He also demands to know why Bernanke didn't raise the alarm when the Bush Administration was claiming the economy was sound when it obviously wasn't.	positive	
And just as Bernanke is about to explain the reason why they don't disclose what banks got access to funds from the Fed, Bernie cuts him off. Seems like he doesn't want answers or an actual discussion, he just wants to lecture the *evil* Mr. chairman and feel all superior. "I didn't vote to authorize TARP" he says, righteously: what does that have to do with anything? 	negative	
I feel like the North East Liberal establishment of which Krugman is a part has had enough. (After the Daily news interview I have too).  Bernie's had his fun, now it's time to play his role. I am sure that makes blood spurt out of Sanders supporters' ears, but there is some truth to it.  As has been said ad absurdum barring some crazy development it will be hard for him to catch up at this point and he may start doing more damage to the  nominee than good. I don't know how much of an impact it has but I am sure that interview, plus opinion pieces like this will have some effect on some upper end New York liberal voters who may have gone Bernie but may now see the need to support Clinton. 	negative	
All right, this may be controversial here, but I'll try to be diplomatic. Bear with me.Most North East liberals have had their preferred candidate win the nomination every year since Bill Clinton. People like me have consistently lost, often not having a proper candidate to support in the first place. (Obama is the exception.) I don't think Krugman understands what it feels like to consistently not be listened to for years on years on years. For working class progressives like myself, more leftist than Obama ever was, it seems incredibly arrogant when Krugman or anyone else tells us to sit down, accept our loss and eat our chow -- for *once* my viewpoint isn't marginalized, and you want us to sit down again? Come on. If Sanders was winning I can guarantee that the claws would come out immediately. I don't want seem overly confrontational, but this isn't "fun" to me. I feel very strongly about the importance of this election, and I sincerely believe a Sanders presidency over a Clinton presidency would significantly change the world for the better. You can disagree with that, and we can discuss our disagreements, but understand that I'll fight for my side till the end. When Krugman tells me to stop being a pain in the ass by presenting my arguments, well, I don't think he understands that this is the closest any candidate I truly believed in has come to winning the nomination for a long, long time. When people who have had it their way for decades complain that the rest of us are making too much of a fuzz I just can't help but feel very depressed.	positive	
I appreciate what you are saying, however, if he had a chance to win that would be one thing. If he has to win 55% of the remaining vote which he will not do then he does have a responsibility to respect the parties nominee, otherwise he should have run as an independent. She won/is winning fair and square.	negative	
As I've said before, I appreciate his real arguments. There are some in here. But it really does come with a large dose of condescension and, apparently, frustration that people like me dare to speak up. I was going to quote large parts of this article, but I realized that this portion of his post the other day works better:> The Sanders campaign has come much further than almost anyone expected, to the point where Sanders can have a lot of influence on the shape of the race. But with influence comes responsibility, and it’s time to lay out some guidelines for good and bad behavior.[...]> For Sanders campaign staff, and also for anyone who has been backing his insurgency, it’s been one heck of a ride, and they would understandably like it to go on as long as possible. But we’ve now reached the point where what’s fun for the campaign isn’t at all the same as what’s good for America.>Sanders doesn’t need to drop out, but he needs to start acting responsibly. "Guidelines for good and bad behavior"? "What's fun for the campaign isn't good for America"? "Start acting responsibly"? It's incredibly condescending, and it all translates pretty well to "sit down and be quiet". Ironically it might not be good for America that Krugman is posting such incendiary pieces -- one might even say it's irresponsible.	positive	
I think you're seeing something that isn't there. I'm pretty liberal. And when Bernie started picking up steam, I didn't care. I just thought to myself, who cares if either of them win, it's all good. But then Sander's supporters started going crazier and crazier, attacking Hillary. And now, Sanders himself had started repeating crazy things. Sanders read a title to an article. Assumed it was a direct quote, and without any context of the interview, slams Hillary for being unqualified to be president. Not for a little bit either, he kept going on about it, laying out a line by line reasoning of why she isn't qualified.Thats what Krugman is talking about when he says "good and bad behavior." You can't keep slamming the shit out of your own team. Yes, Sanders and Clinton are competing right now. But They are ultimately on the same team. Blowing things out of proportion, choosing facts without context, and repeatedly alluding to negative character attacks against Clinton's integrity, is why Krugman is saying what he did. yea, Sanders campaign, and his supporters, do need guidelines. It's fun in a campaign to diss the opponent, but you have to remember the kind of rhetoric and thought process that has for the future of this country. In this way, its too late for Sanders to walk back what has happened. He has encouraged a lot of voters to always believe passionate speeches over criticizing analysis. Those are the voters that will continue to look for what sounds good, instead of what is based on good analytics. This is what Krugman is referring to when he says, what's good for the campaign is isn't good for America. Sanders might build up for passion, and frenzy, with these statements. But it isn't good for America. Its not incredibily condescending. Its criticism. Very valid ones too. I'm glad people like him and others hit Sanders hard for his comments of late. Because it seems he's starting to walk back from it. http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/evolution-clinton-sanders-feud-over-qualifications-n553046Hopefully he drops all of this negative bullshit he's been building up. 	negative	
> "Guidelines for good and bad behavior"? "What's fun for the campaign isn't good for America"? "Start acting responsibly"?Did you not see the news this week? Sanders read a biased headline, didn't read the article and started screaming about how Clinton wasn't qualified to be president. When Clinton was asked about it, she said that Sanders was more qualified than any Republican.Sanders needs to remember that he is better than this.	positive	
I supported Obama, but part of my point was that even he isn't really that close to my own values. Let's be honest; behind the rhetoric he was always a slightly more liberal continuation of the establishment Third Way. I like him, and I love that we managed to elect a black President, but he wasn't a working class candidate. His funding made that clear.As for the rest, that's Bill Clinton twice, Al Gore and John Kerry. Sure, it's a small sample, but that's twenty-five years' worth of candidates, and they've all been much too moderate and business-friendly for me. I understand why -- two-party system, you have to win, all that noise -- but it's tiring to continually be pushed aside. That's the reason so many people are excited about Sanders. We haven't seen anything like him in a long, long time. 	positive	
Totally agree with this. He's been making same speech since 1970s and he's proud of it. Almost nobody would agree the issues America faces today are the same as issues we faced in 1970. Everything looks like a nail. 	negative	
Honestly, I'd have a lot more sympathy with Sanders if I thought he was a secret communist. I wouldn't agree with him, but I'd respect his position. In reality though, if he *is* a communist, he's a pretty terrible one "workers of the world... screw you, I'm looking out for America" doesn't have quite the same ring to it. Protectionism ultimately isn't any more pro-worker than unfettered free trade. 	negative	
I definitely notice some similarities in your descriptions and his rhetoric. No doubt about it. As someone who was excited when Sanders declared his presidency, I quickly backed away from his good-vs-evil hardline rhetoric. 	positive	
I think Sanders is doing so well because millennials and many progressives want a repudiation of 90s left-wing neoliberalism.But the truth is Sanders is not a repudiation, he is a candidate that never accepted neoliberalism to begin with. In theory this could be great, but it's becoming increasingly clear, imo, that in practice he's a candidate straight out of the Cold War radical left with at most a superficial modern sheen over his positions.I don't think this will hurt him, I'm cynical enough that I think you can't change a person's narrative mid-race and Sander's narrative is already set as the millennial progressive champion. But I think it's going to take till next election cycle before we start seeing the true millennial revolution, which will happen when the generation which came in their own after the 90s gets on the ballot.	positive	
> Has it brought out that streak in the candidate, too?Increasingly I'm beginning to question if that didn't always exist and he just hid it, or maybe even we chose not to look because he said otherwise.Look at how Barney Frank talks about him.I think Sanders gave up the pretense of being some great guy and decided to be who he is all along.	negative	
I think this is the truth. Barney Frank has said what he says about Bernie for a LONG time. (Back to the 90s from memory) And we're seeing it very obviously in the past week. He reacts badly when pressured. He can't handle being criticized. (Or even hinted at criticisim) One of the arguments I've seen about Hillary and her campaigns 'tone' comment is how will she handle Trump. I think that is a relevant question to ask of Bernie. He came out swinging with incredibly incorrect info based off a headline. And when told he was wrong DOUBLED DOWN. Trump or Cruz will have a field day. 	negative	
Not quite.  Underneath Trump's brutishness is a calculated effort to undermine his opponents.  He's really quite clever.  His words are selectively chosen to trap his opponents.  Bernie says the first word that his heart dictates him to say.  Zero thought filter.  	negative	
Bernie Sanders' campaign is one which only reinforces my belief that process matters far more than conclusion. Or, to put it differently: it matters more to me how you reached your conclusions than what your conclusions are. I happen to agree with a lot of Sanders ideals in a broad sense, but I disagree strongly with how he supports and reaches those conclusions, and that is much more important to me. 	negative	
>Some Sanders supporters responded angrily when these concerns were raised, immediately accusing anyone expressing doubts about their hero of being corrupt if not actually criminalDoes Krugman browse reddit? That's putting it mildly!>Unfortunately, in the past few days the answer has become all too clear: Mr. Sanders is starting to sound like his worst followers. Bernie is becoming a Bernie Bro.Sounds exactly right to me. >So what do you think of Krugman's critiques? Will a prominent op-ed like this hurt Sanders ahead of the NY primary? Do you expect it to feature at all in the coming debate?Honestly, I doubt this will make much of a difference. I doubt too many of Sanders' supporters read the new york times anyway. Maybe if this op-ed was in the Huffington Post or on Salon.com it might make a difference but even them it'd probably be dismissed as the corrupt ramblings of an establishment shill. 	negative	
I agree Bernie Sanders supporters are fanatical and dismiss criticisms too quickly, but the latter is definitely true of Hillary supporters too. Any time a supporter attacks the candidate rather than their proposed policies or their track record, it should be dismissed as biased and ad hominem rhetoric. Hillary may be more well rounded than Bernie, but leaving their personalities aside, I think Hillary supporters dismiss corruption charges too easily too. Corruption is one of the most crippling problems around the world, and the fact is that America is living in an era of legal and open corruption with citizens united and constant lobbyism.	negative	
>You can't label someone as corrupt because of an emotion you have.Seriously, I've seen them try to say that raising money for down ticket candidates is 'corruption' or 'buying endorsements'. Bernie just put out an ad saying that 'bundling' is bribery. Anytime they bring up Lobbyists I'm reminded of [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nTpsv9PNqo). 	negative	
The thing with lobbyism and cronyism and whatever is that while I see she has a superpac and lobbyists donating to her no-one can point me  to a single policy position or platform which shes changed or advocated for because of these donations and lobbyists. Where is the quid pro quo? Where is the smoking gun? Until there's even a modicum of evidence all charges of corruption and cronyism and criticisms of Hillary for those things are - in my mind - ad hominem and unjustified attacks. 	negative	
> I doubt too many of Sanders' supporters read the new york times anyway.I don't know if they read it, but they sure do like to leave angry comments.	negative	
The hashtag SandersOvertheEdge was trending on NY twitter this morning. I'd say the message is getting out. 	positive	
I think he's spot on about the breaking up the banks canard.  Also, the claims that Glass Steagal was the cause of the financial crisis are complete malarky.  	negative	
I listed to Sen. Sanders this morning on Morning Joe. His plan is to sponsor a bill that would skip FSOC and give the Treasury complete authority to break up banks. I can't remember the last time i heard such an authoritarian statement by someone running for President, not named Donald. 	negative	
According to the video they've got on SFP about it right now, he wants to dissolve the FSOC and give unilateral power to the Treasury Secretary to execute banks. I guess the idea is that this avoids regulatory capture of the FSOC, and brings us into a world where Bernie's Secretary is King of Wall Street.	negative	
I'm a Sanders supporter and have mixed views on Krugman right now.On the one hand, he makes good points in that some of sanders' ideas are fairly populist with the exact policy details being pretty ill formed. Breaking up the big banks, and his dubious funding policies for healthcare and education that focus more on sticking it to the rich than actually funding stuff is a problem.There definitely are weaknesses to Sanders' policies at times and they deserve criticism.However, I also feel like Krugman has gone all in this election in shilling for Hillary, and I have a strong dislike for Krugman right now and the whole Hillary camp in general. They seem insistent on defining the political debate, painting Sanders as an unrealistic radical, and acting like they have a monopoly on facts.We have serious problems in this country and we need significant improvement of our system. The democrats fail to adequately address the issues, and Sanders is the only guy who will even try. He's the only one who hits the right notes on defining the problems and is the only one willing to take adequate action to fix them. Incremental action isn't enough. This debate is defined by "pragmatic" incrementalism and real change, even if the policies are not perfect. I don't think Sanders has perfect ideas and I think he does rely on populism too much to push them. I'd like to see a politician who has Sanders esque policies but with a more sound intellectual basis. The thing is I don't like what Hillary is selling and think Krugman is starting to sound like a shill for her. So I'm not really thrilled with Krugman right now, even if some of his points are good. Because there's a very real conflation this election in debating the direction of this country and the democratic party that confuses sanders' policy weaknesses with the idea that what Sanders stands for is, in and of itself, unrealistic, and that we shouldn't bother pursuing it and we should just settle for what the democratic party is selling even if its not helping us either.We need real change,but I admit, change does need to be thought out, and if Sanders is elected I hope his policies are fleshed out a bit more in implementation.	positive	
>They seem insistent on defining the political debate, painting Sanders as an unrealistic radical, and acting like they have a monopoly on facts.Which is incredibly interesting considering Clinton claims to speak to every issue that Sanders does, just in a more watered down form.If some Clinton supporters think Sanders is ideologically wrong, why are they supporting Clinton when she addresses the exact same issues?  For example, the recent Wall Street thread.  It seemed like a lot of Clinton supporters were saying there was nothing wrong with Wall Street, yet their candidate wishes for more regulation of Wall Street.I've asked a few this, and some of them say that she is just "putting on a front" and taking positions she doesn't actually hold, like being against the TPP.	negative	
> Which is incredibly interesting considering Clinton claims to speak to every issue that Sanders does, just in a more watered down form.It's that extreme watered down ness that's the problem.The debate is over incrementalism or full scaled reform, or in my more sanders esque language, half ***ing it doing it right.>If some Clinton supporters think Sanders is ideologically wrong, why are they supporting Clinton when she addresses the exact same issues? For example, the recent Wall Street thread. It seemed like a lot of Clinton supporters were saying there was nothing wrong with Wall Street, yet their candidate wishes for more regulation of Wall Street.To be honest, I dont pay much attention to the wall street bit. I'm more looking at safety net issues. Obamacare vs single payer. Hillary's compact vs free education. It's really the difference between an old school FDR like democrat, or the more centrist "new democrat" formula the clintons have capitalized on since the 90s because the country became far more right wing. There really is a lot of ideological difference between the two candidates here, and it shouldnt be overstated.>I've asked a few this, and some of them say that she is just "putting on a front" and taking positions she doesn't actually hold, like being against the TPP.Considering clinton's inconsistent record, there's a lot of arguments to be made here.	negative	
> Finally, the current brouhaha over who's "qualified to be president" was arguably started by Hillary Clinton. Personally, I think neither she nor Bernie should be calling the other unqualified, but to blame Bernie for this exchange is simply incorrect.On top of this point 6, Bernie called Hillary unqualified within the context of the very thing Krugman says he ought to be allowed to do. To quote Krugman - *"It’s one thing for the Sanders campaign to point to Hillary Clinton’s Wall Street connections, which are real, although the question should be whether they have distorted her positions, a case the campaign has never even tried to make. "* That's exactly what Bernie did. 	negative	
I'm a Clinton supporter, but I'm not buying it.Sanders hasn't said anything beyond the pale or beyond what we'd expect from a politician in a competitive race.  I have a strong suspicion that the media is hankering for a spectacle and is in the midst of a self-fulfilling prophecy.	positive	
No It wont hurt Bernies support. Bernie, like Trump, could walk down 5th ave naked gunning down nuns and he wouldn't lose support. 	positive	
There's a certain newly found self righteousness that's seeping from the Sanders' campaign, one that especially kicked into gear after he was exposed for lack of policy details behind his campaign rhetoric. For example, Bernie is suggesting you're only qualified if you're pure and therefore, being pure means you haven't received any donations from Wall Street, or the fossil fuel industry. This would have disqualified Obama and a lot of other loyal democrats who at one point sought the presidency. Krugman's arguing that the self righteousness of the Bernie diehards ("Bernie Bros") has now extended to the candidate himself. 	negative	
Just listening to the video now. TYT has literally gone nuts this cycle. Anyone that doesn't agree with Bernie 100% is bought and paid for by Hillary. At this point I wouldn't be surprised for them to vote for Trump after the convention.	negative	
Here's the thing.  We all know that even the most popular POTUS doesn't get to dictate laws.  Anything a President Sanders wants, is still going to have to go through the meat-grinder that is Congress.So to me, it's not a question of what laws Sanders wants, and it's more a case of how a POTUS Sanders will tip the scales towards progressive policies in the USA.I want that.  Very much.	positive	
If you asked me in October I would've been hoping for Krugman to lean Sanders. If you asked me a week ago, yes, I saw this coming. I don't mind the arguments -- academic disagreements is good -- but "Bernie Sanders has become a Bernie Bro"? Come on. Your average pro-Clinton reddit user is more nuanced than that.	positive	
I knew Sanders was misleading after he said "banks are bigger now than they were in 2008." Of course they are. It's a direct result of Dodd Frank. Banks have to adhere to risk based capital requirements now. When banks take risks (they have to) they need money in their reserves to cover the risks. This is the basis of stress testing. In 2016 a bank will bigger than it was in 2008 for the financial security of the bank. This policy makes banks bigger, it also makes the banks stronger in the sense that they don't pose a systemic risk to the overall economy. 	negative	
Sanders is an old-fashioned "promise" candidate. You want something? Sure, you'll get it. Want jobs, no problem. Free schooling, housing, money for nothing, chicks for free? When I'm President. Oh, and those *bad guys* messing things up? I'll take care of them too.Important Democrats see through the schtick, but since Sanders isn't a legitimate threat for the nomination, I don't think they've really felt the need to go there. But some are bound to get tired of it, like Krugman here. However it falls on deaf ears, no one was waiting with bated breath to see if Paul Krugman would approve of their support for Bernie Sanders.	negative	
