I love this quote in the article: >"From her time advocating for children as a young lawyer to her work as first lady of Arkansas and the United States, and as a senator and secretary of state, Hillary Clinton has a remarkable record. She would be a strong and capable president.>>But Bernie Sanders is boldly and fiercely addressing the biggest challenges facing our country."He doesn't put Clinton down, but instead pushes Bernie up. He goes on to explain why Bernie's vision will lead America into a prosperous future. I think this idea is something that we all need to remember and take stock of. I know we all tend to get very into campaigning and the craziness that surrounds us (regardless of who or what creates that energy) but we need to remember that change doesn't happen when others are pushed down, but when we are able to lift each other up. #FeelTheLoveEdit: Thanks for all the upvotes guys! Now I have a warm feeling in my tummy. 😊	positive	
Also a good thing to remember for us as we move forward. Don't put Clinton down. People who are supporting her will get defensive. Acknowledge her strengths and go on to promote Bernies record and vision. 	positive	
>advocating for children as a young lawyerthis seems like a subtle burn, because the details of her most-known child case does not reflect well on Hillary	negative	
Everyone should get a lawyer that does his or her best to defend them, however said lawyer has no obligation to devolves into using shady/dishonest tactics and deserve to be criticized if they do. There are plenty of great lawyers with an intact moral compass and the fact that Clinton wasn't says a lot about her	negative	
I can't link, but an article containing a long quote from Marion Edelman, the founder of The Children's  Defense Fund, shows how betrayed she and others felt when Hillary Clinton championed the Welfare Reform bill that she said threw a million children into poverty and doubled the amount of extreme poverty when Clinton gutted social services. Edelmens husband Peter, along with two other Welfare officials in the white house, resigned in protest of this bill. The article is How Hillary Clinton Betrayed the Children's Defense Fund For Political Gain	negative	
I think people are more upset because she did an interview in the 80s in which *she* brought up this case as an example of her work as a lawyer, she *very* strongly implied that she knew the guy was guilty, and she laughed about the tactics she used.  I honestly didn't know what to feel about this until I heard the interview myself because, like you, I thought, *Well, that was her job*.  It's the fact that *she* brought up this example without any goading and she bragged about it that disgusted me.   	negative	
Some of Hillary's wiring is off: this case mentioned, laughing about Khadafi, etc. Schadenfreude to the max?	negative	
I'll never be able to get that laugh out of my head. "HAHAHA I'll never trust a polygraph again isn't it hilarious" I'm going to be completely honest, *this* is the reason why I will never, ever vote for Hillary. Not even if my vote means that Trump or Cruz would win. I almost decided that was unreasonable a week or two ago, and popped over to the Clinton subreddit to see what they had to say, because I've prided myself in doing research, and attempting to circumvent my own bias. Pretty much all I saw there was that she's the most QUALIFIED to be president. What does that even mean? Oh, and that they were telling on-the-fence people to fuck off and that they don't need their vote. Well alrighty then. Thanks for letting me not vote for her in good conscious :).I'm sorry for the rant, but this has been eating me up inside. I don't want to talk about it because I don't think it's a very compelling reason to not vote for her, although I do think it shows that she is absolutely ruthless and will do literally anything to get what she wants, and I'm not sure that's the kind of person I want as President.	negative	
I was getting yelled at in /r/politics for saying that she shouldn't have laughed like that. Some guy was like, "I'm a lawyer and I know that laugh doesn't admit guilt". Come on man, why would she laugh like that and say she wouldn't trust a polygraph test if she didn't have a definitive opinion on the situation?If anything, she consistently shows she lacks judgement.	negative	
That may be her most known on Reddit and this subreddit, but it's not in general. Her work for the Children's Defense Fund is well respected.	positive	
Most of my donations are still going to Sanders, but this is a big deal, and I'm happy to put my money where my mouth is.  Hopefully, an uptick in donations post-endorsement will convince other politicians on the fence to follow suit, and prove that campaign crowdfunding is not a fluke.	positive	
For every dollar I give Sanders, I give 50 cents to a Berniecrat.	positive	
Maybe we should also have like a "Wall of Fame" for all the superdelegates that switch to bernie, sort of as a "We may be more inclined to vote for you when your elecitons are coming up *nudge nudge* " List of names. Encouraging the same thing ur talking about but with Superdelegates instead ;)!	positive	
I'm a sucker for Tim Conova and his fundraising emails :( I even put his campaign on my reoccurring donations along with Bernie! Him and Benie's emails really pull at my heart strings and make me want to empty my whole bank account to their causes and campaigns!	positive	
To anyone outside of the state, don't worry about how his performance will be in Oregon. No matter what any poll says we will destroy Hillary here. Badly. I've seen a ton of people alongside myself canvassing and educating about Sanders. It's a very real possibility that he makes her unviable here, although don't count on it.	negative	
I've seen like 2 Clinton bumper stickers in Portland, Corvallis, Salem, and Eugene. Meanwhile I see a Sanders sticker or sign pretty much everywhere I look. I'd be so happy if we made Clinton unviable here. 	negative	
Clinton doesn't have a chance in Oregon.	negative	
Oregonian here. I really lost a lot of respect for Ron Wyden when he made an endorsement of Hillary Clinton early in the race before the primaries started. It's nice to see Jeff Merkley on Bernie's side.	negative	
I worked for Merkley a few years ago. He is a very honorable man, treated all of his staff (even the interns) with respect and gratitude. His record in the senate is clearly progressive. I hope he continues to weigh in more prominently as the race continues. After the Sander's presidency, Merkley is the future of the Democratic Party.	positive	
Puts pressure on Kate Brown to stop shilling for Hillary.	negative	
Oh my god thank god.  My senator is the man.  Hes been on the right side of so many issues and i was upset he hadn't endorsed bernie yet...  But here we go! Now if only our governor would withdraw her endorsement of hillaryEdit: Holy shit and hes the first not bernie senator endorsement too? Hes getting a goddamn donation and a thank you tomorrow. 	positive	
The fact that Sanders could come so far without a single senate endorsement only goes on to show how relatively powerless the establishment has become in the face of the internet and social media in terms of influencing people's opinion.	positive	
Is it though? The support for Bernie in Oregon is massive, and as mentioned elsewhere in the thread, this will set him up well for re-election.  Even if his intent is genuine, he's still backing a wildly popular candidate in his region, so brave isn't quite the word I'd use. But either way, good for him! 	positive	
First Senate endorsement. It is.Now Hillary can't say "He doesn't have a single Senator that endorses him!"Edit: Besides the Bern man himself obviously.	negative	
This is big news. It's already trending on twitter. Hopefully other Senators who were on the sideline can feel comfortable to weigh in now. Merkley's move was a brave and noble one for sure.  Hopefully this overshadows the huge negative hitpiece editorial today by the NY Daily News the Clinton campaign is pumping	negative	
Hopefully Bernie gets, you know, his own endorsement :D	positive	
Pretty sure Senator B. Sanders from Vermont endorsed him.	positive	
Bernie's going to bury Hillary in Oregon with or without Merkley.	negative	
Bernie doesn't need any help winning Oregon. Merkley did this because he actually believes in Bernie. 	positive	
What I say to people who say that is even if Bernie wasn't able to pass ALL of his proposals, wouldn't you rather have someone who has fought for the middle and working class all his life, who has shown he is honest and doesnt owe any industries any favors in the White House signing and vetoing legislation, making executive orders, keeping us out of wasteful wars? 	positive	
Sound like a nice man..... More nice men and women turns to Bernie	positive	
I can't understand the argument that "Hillary will get more done because she is realistic". The GOP HATE Hillary and the Clinton machine in general. If you ask for a full loaf of bread, you get a half; go in asking for a half loaf, you get an eighth. Bernie was the King of floor bills, so I can't understand why these commenter's believe his record is terrible. Why do people insist that we can't have change? Because of the Republicans? Bernie isn't afraid of them. 	negative	
to take it even a step further, realize the tenor of how a sanders presidency would have come to pass. There are millions of individuals who sanders answers to, rather than corporations. As his job is to serve and defend the people he represents, he could leverage this strength to ensure that his policies successfully proceed. In the event that someone obstructs, he can vocalize this chagrin and that representative will suddenly have millions of angry people chomping at the bit to kick him/her out of office :)	positive	
This is what people in America don't get. Because he is a socialist they think he will focus on handouts but of all the candidates he id focussed on increasing employment than anyone else that's running the race.He wants to do this by:1) Bringing jobs back to the United States2) Investing in infrastructure and hiring Americans to do so.This is so crucial. Socialism does not mean more handouts. It means more jobs but in any event that you can't get a job the government has your back. This IS socialism.	positive	
