I was poised to vote for Hillary originally anyway. She was't the candidate I wanted, exactly, but I was't dreading voting for her. I never got on the HIllary hate bandwagon. Then Sanders came along and I couldn't come up with a good reason NOT to vote for him. So I went with Sanders. Went to a few of his rallys, phone banked, canvassed, voted... did my part.   But he's not gonna win. Such is life. My guy isn't the guy the country picked. Life goes on, America goes on... hopefully without Trump leading it.	positive	bh
Just letting you know, even though I err towards Hillary I also like Sanders and wouldn't have minded voting for him in the general. In fact I think it's good for him to stay in the race even though he can't win; his supporters still deserve the chance to vote for him in the states left, and pulling Hillary to the left is only a good thing as far as I'm concerned.	positive	bh
I keep faintly hoping that Trump wins the Republican nomination, and during his acceptance speech just bursts out laughing and goes "Haha you suckers you BELIEVED all this bullshit?  Losers, all of you!  I'm with HER!"  And then drops the mic and walks off the stage.	negative	t
I don't know that I hope for it, but I really would NOT be surprised by it!  For goodness sake he's friggin' *donated* to her in the past!	negative	t
Unsubscribed from /r/sandersforpresident today. Bernie or Bust people are infuriating. The logical thing to do now is support Hillary. I won't cut off my nose to spite my face.  It's official, #ImWithHer now.	negative	b
Same here from another Bernie supporter. I'll happily take Clinton over Ted Cruz or Donald Trump. Just like I'd take Obama over them if he beat Bernie in 08. It's a simple choice for me. 	positive	h
I'm a Former Berner too who still likes Bernie. I just wish some of his supporters would not fraternise so much with Trump supporters and outright state that they'd vote for him. Trump represents *so* much towards which Bernie and the Democrats are antithetical. A vote for Trump is just... yeah.	negative	t
See, I was never a Sanders supporter - maybe a sympathizer? He makes some really good points and has some great ideas. It always felt odd to cheer his losses; it was more like I wanted both of them to win.   What this primary season has shown more than anything is how broken and antiquated our electoral system is. First-past-the-post voting instead of some form of runoff, for starters - all the way to how we disenfranchise voters through a murky, patched together system laced with gerrymandering, inconsistency, and poor implementation. THAT is what I would like to see change by 2020, because it benefits everyone.   Considering we'll likely have a republican controlled congress along with 40 republican state legislatures and governors until then, it might be all we *can* do. 	positive	b
Would love to be wrong!	negative	
I think you hit the nail on the head-it does feel odd to cheer his losses.  I hope what Bernie is pushing for doesn't lose momentum and another candidate can come along and do better than Bernie and change within the system can start happening. No one was wrong to support Bernie and his message-clearly things need to be better- He just wasn't the guy this time around to make it happen. Fingers crossed for 2020. 	positive	b
Yep, another Sanders supporter here. I'd rather have Hillary over Trump a million times over.	positive	h
As Hillary said today, "We believe in the goodness of our people, and the greatness of our nation.", S4P, we're for you too. This is *OUR* party, we're both just trying to do what's best for America... getting someone who is right for America in office and preventing someone who is wrong for America from doing the opposite.  Edit: If you're looking for a great introduction to the future of America, look no further than her speech [from today](http://www.c-span.org/video/?408722-1/hillary-clinton-primary-night-speech).	positive	h
Thanks for the video. There's definitely fire there when she talks about the families she met on her campaign trail. 	positive	h
Welcome! Now let's beat the GOP and keep that office away from some very dangerous people! 	negative	t
Welcome aboard, we have a long fight ahead of us.	positive	
I'm looking forward to seeing her make him look like the inexperienced nimrod he is in the debates.	positive	h
I do not believe for a second you have ever been a sanders supporter. They do the same thing on the Donald. Pat yourselves on the backs. 	negative	
I don't really care what you believe. 	negative	
Can you imagine that debate with a serious moderator who demands real policy and fact based answers. I'm imagine that said moderator has a switch to kill the candidates microphones if they got off topic.	negative	
You realize every debate so far it has been Hillary going over time and getting off topic ?	negative	h
YES to killing the microphones. That seems to be the only way they'll be able to prevent trump from constantly talking over Hill and the moderators.	negative	t
He sounds so dumb every time he speaks, he looks silly too. It really is that simple to describe Trump, no need to get sophisticated when dealing with a brute. He is so awful, I would honestly leave the country if he were elected. I love my country and fought for it but if a majority chooses this moron, I'm out.	negative	t
> I would honestly leave the country if he were elected.   No you wouldn't. This is something that people say every four years on every side of the aisle, and I can't think of it ever happening. What you should do if someone wins that you can't stand is stay and protest. Have your voice heard.   America is a great country, and it's made better by different opinions. 	negative	
I wouldn't leave the country, but if NC votes for Trump (or re-elects that damn fool excuse for a governor then I'm going to make relocating a priority.	negative	t
The general presidential debates will feature this thing known as "moderation" that is unknown to the GOP candidates wherein the man or woman asking the questions will facilitate a conversation between the two candidates	negative	t
The presence of a moderator is going to make all the difference. Trump is a skilled orator. I'll give him that. But moderated debates are going to expose his weaknesses and show voters that he lacks depth, experience, and insight. It should be enough to sway the Bernie-or-Bust crowd. 	negative	t
Good to hear it. Now, onward to victory!	positive	
Hey, been over here for a week - it's a lot more civil here, welcome. ;>	positive	
People are so nice here!	positive	
Thank you for your graciousness. We're all in this together to keep the GOP thugs out of the White House!	positive	
Is this the exact reason that congress has been grid locking everything Obama has tried to do. Democrats: "the GOP are thugs!"  Republicans: "the democrats want to take away your rights!"   Stop with the name calling, it doesn't help anyone	negative	
> Stop with the name calling, it doesn't help anyone  The GOP's actions are, objectively, those of thugs, bullies, babies. When they don't get their way they threaten and obstruct -- hence Congress having a lower approval rating than genital warts. 	negative	
What wedge has he driven? Trying to pass any legislation at all? Get real- [they planned to be obstructionist all the way back on the night of his inaugeration](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/frontline/article/the-republicans-plan-for-the-new-president/)	negative	
Apparently s/he hasn't been paying much attention to the last 8 years.	negative	
It's been a good fight! We're in this together, despite the emotions right now.	positive	
I feel like it would ring pretty hollow coming from Trump, but who knows. Some people genuinely seem to think supporting him is compatible with supporting keeping money out of politics, and if they can rationalize that, the GS attacks might be even easier.	negative	t
Trump's speech rate is 1.5 million dollars.  He might try to call for a transcript release, but he can't actually attack her on how much money she made for the speeches.	negative	t
Glad to have you aboard! At the end of the day most Sanders supporters and most Clinton supporters share the same priorities and goals, IMO.  Hope you and the other Sanders supporters who want to stop Trump keep in mind that y'all are uniquely well suited to help convince other Sanders supporters you may know IRL to come around and support Hillary in November. I'm sure there will be a small core of die-hards who do actually stay home, vote for Jill Stein or even vote Trump in November, but the fewer the better.	positive	bh
I'll keep saying this: Liking Hillary and liking Sanders aren't mutually exclusive. There are many of us here who would *love* a Clinton/Sanders ticket.   I, for one, actually took the time to watch Sanders speech as well as HRC's. They both have the fire. They should work together. HRC is going to have so many people after this primary to tell her "move to the middle" or "it's about swing-voters now, act more moderate!", I want Bernie there in the room with her to keep her focused on the issues we care about.	positive	bh
I'm a Bernie supporter and I DON'T want him on hillarys ticket.  The bernie or bust people are just gonna view it as a way that hillary is gonna try to make him powerless by taking him out of Congress and won't choose her still. The bernie supporters who are gonna vote hillary anyway won't care if she selects someone else.  On the other hand, I would be thrilled if she gave him a high position in her cabinet. 	negative	h
I agree! I've been throwing Secretary of Labor around, which he would be perfect for	positive	b
This is something I have actually struggled with and basically came to this conclusion: We know Sanders is going to endorse Hillary if she wins. If I am so ready to vote for him to be our president, why would I discard the first thing he does when he loses? It doesn't make sense. I trust his judgement enough to be my president so if he says vote Hillary, I'm voting Hillary. Obviously there's much more to it than that, but it's basically the thought that made me sure about my support moving forward.	positive	bh
Same here. Can I have a flair like [I'M OKAY WITH HILLARY]?	positive	h
That's a brilliant idea for a flair. That's basically the boat I was on until February. You may appreciate her more come fall when the GOP really starts after her.	positive	h
Senator Sanders could be an important player in a Democratically controlled Senate. He still has an important role to play in our government.  Solidarity, get out the vote. We can achieve a sea change in American politics.	positive	b
Hey man. We have our sleeves rolled up and ready to beat Trump or whoever they throw at us:) welcome!	negative	t
Thank you, and welcome! Glad you have the clarity of mind to realize how destructive "Bernie or bust" has the potential to be.	negative	b
Yay!!!!!!  I'm terrified by the people suggesting that Trump will be our next President. Lets please not let that happen. 	negative	t
Thank goodness. Love her, hate her, or meh, none of her policy platforms involve committing the largest act of ethnic cleansing in modern history. 	positive	h
Thank you. I've long admired Bernie and I continue to do so.  Let's work together.  	positive	b
Please work hard to convince other Sanders supporters of this. We can't have Trump running this country. 	negative	t
Thanks to you and the whole Sanders squad for a great campaign! Now let's replace RBG with someone young and awesome.	positive	b
I'm supporting Bernie until he stops campaigning, but I'll be damned to hell before I let a GOP president call the shots. I wish Hillary was more progressive, but it's still an obvious choice for me between a D and an R.	positive	b
About half my Bernie supporter friends have come around. The other half is still sending me anti-Hillary FB posts and Bernie or Bust diatribes. I'm working on staying positive and not responding. There's too much at stake - Supreme Court, the Senate, Cook now has 20 House Seats ready to flip and tons of local races that we need to win. Hope they don't take till Sept to get over their grief. We need to work hard on this election.	positive	h
Welcome. We'll all be cranky about this primary for a while, so I hope you don't get too offput if we're still a little annoyed. I'm sure some comments here might still rub you the wrong way. But we're mostly a decent bunch who are just really, really enthusiastic about HRC.   But I look forward to hoping we all can move together as one team in the coming months. 	positive	h
Truth. If it was reversed, I know I'd vote Bernie come fall, but I'd probably be real pissed off for a while. I'm not sure I'd reddit about it, definitely not at first. It's not easy.	positive	b
This sub seems so much more sane and reasonable than any other candidate's I've seen.   Sanders is full of piss and vinegar, and Trump is literally insane /b/ trolls.	negative	bt
Bernie supporter here. Went through the five stages of grief months ago. Full on acceptance mode.  Don't adore Hillary but she has got my vote!  Joined the bandwagon over here: Clinton supporters are much more palatable on this site. 	positive	h
Bernie's campaign is punk rock. And I adore punk rock.  But I mean if we're playing Radiohead I'm definitely fine with Radiohead.	positive	b
I've used the analogy of chocolate ice cream vs vanilla ice cream.  Everyone has a preference between the two, but most people will happily take either flavor of ice cream.    In comparison, the Republicans are offering frozen shit.	negative	t
I believe you. When it really comes down to it, when we really begin to realize that we're definitely all on the same side, we'll unite and defeat Donald Trump. Welcome to the team. And likewise, if Hillary, by some miracle is defeated, I'd support Sanders in a heartbeat. No questions asked, no second thoughts. I'd take Sanders over any Republican any day of the week. ^^Except ^^maybe ^^Fridays. :P	positive	bh
I am hopeful that Bernie supporters and Hillary supporters may consider expressing their support (to the Clinton campaign) for a Sanders cabinet position. He could probably do more to make free college a reality as Secretary of Education (as an example to be honest. 	positive	bh
I agree. Hillary's positions and plans are good as well. She has not done a good enough job explaining them. With Bernie focused on college tuition, he could get get the message out.	positive	bh
Dear, please go back to Mr. Trump' s sub.  Thank you.	negative	t
How old are you? Rallies do not equal votes. He lost fair and square. Suck it up and learn a little about how the political process works.	negative	
Welcome to the freight train. Trump won't know what hit him.	negative	t
I think most of us here would be glad to vote for Bernie Sanders if he were the nominee.  I don't understand the morons who are "Bernie or Bust".  	positive	b
I understand them. I just think they're really, really, really, wrong.	negative	
I'm not even close to being a yellow dog. I'm a bleeding heart lefty liberal, and voting for Sanders would be very tough for me. I want us to *eventually* get to a lot of the places he wants us to be *RIGHT NOW.* I just don't think that's going to happen *RIGHT NOW* and he is faaaaaar from the right person to deliver it. 	negative	b
I think I'd rather have any non establishment candidate then Hillary. Don't hate me :)	negative	h
I think it would only help Hillary, honestly. I'd love for that to happen, seems unlikely tho.	positive	h
