Honestly as a Bernie supporter. This shit really worries me. Its my biggest hang up with him by far. 	negative	bernie	
I suspect Hillary Clinton has been carefully coached on how to present herself, partly because she is a woman and from a time when being a lady in politics put you under a lot of crosshairs. (Or maybe even worse--being a FLOTUS.)The one thing I feel a *little* sorry for Hillary about is that I think this is really a shame--the fact that she's been coached and image-tested and cross-examined by her publicists. I think that she did this to become an effective politician but it has become one of her biggest Achilles' heels. Back when I still read Slate (before this election cycle completely destroyed my good opinion of them) there was a good article about how Hillary Clinton, rather than trying to be *likable* (which she always, ALWAYS fails at) should lean into her more authentic identity as a policy wonk and a obligate politician. I'm not saying I love that Hillary either, because honestly her policy positions are just too morally fluid for my tastes, but I would have liked that Hillary a lot better. At least that's an honest Hillary, a Hillary that is true to herself, which is someone that likes legislating. Maybe someone that doesn't have a cohesive sense of what she *wants* to legislate, but at least there's something to her, personality-wise.	negative	hillary	
> Her defense of NATOI liked that she gave a definite answer of "no I will not leave NATO." It provides a strong contrast against Trump who thinks everything is negotiable.	negative	
It's not shady -- the idea that the Rules committee should reflect the two nominees is something that Sanders just invented.  It's not shady for the DNC to pick people who have experience working in the DNC to leadership positions at the DNC.  Sanders is kinda coming out or left field and demanding that people do what he wants, or they're corrupt.  I don't think it's surprising that when a guy parachutes in and spends months calling you corrupt, fails to ever lead with the polls, votes or delegates, and then demands equal say while calling you biased, you respond by telling him that you don't serve at his pleasure.	negative	
I do not believe for a second you have ever been a sanders supporter. They do the same thing on the Donald. Pat yourselves on the backs. 	negative	
I can't understand the argument that "Hillary will get more done because she is realistic". The GOP HATE Hillary and the Clinton machine in general. If you ask for a full loaf of bread, you get a half; go in asking for a half loaf, you get an eighth. Bernie was the King of floor bills, so I can't understand why these commenter's believe his record is terrible. Why do people insist that we can't have change? Because of the Republicans? Bernie isn't afraid of them. 	negative	
Same here. Can I have a flair like [I'M OKAY WITH HILLARY]?	positive	h
> Which is incredibly interesting considering Clinton claims to speak to every issue that Sanders does, just in a more watered down form.It's that extreme watered down ness that's the problem.The debate is over incrementalism or full scaled reform, or in my more sanders esque language, half ***ing it doing it right.>If some Clinton supporters think Sanders is ideologically wrong, why are they supporting Clinton when she addresses the exact same issues? For example, the recent Wall Street thread. It seemed like a lot of Clinton supporters were saying there was nothing wrong with Wall Street, yet their candidate wishes for more regulation of Wall Street.To be honest, I dont pay much attention to the wall street bit. I'm more looking at safety net issues. Obamacare vs single payer. Hillary's compact vs free education. It's really the difference between an old school FDR like democrat, or the more centrist "new democrat" formula the clintons have capitalized on since the 90s because the country became far more right wing. There really is a lot of ideological difference between the two candidates here, and it shouldnt be overstated.>I've asked a few this, and some of them say that she is just "putting on a front" and taking positions she doesn't actually hold, like being against the TPP.Considering clinton's inconsistent record, there's a lot of arguments to be made here.	negative	
She doesn't want to imagine the possibility of it. I do imagine she is losing more and more sleep over this every night though.	negative	hillary	
Krugman is the most mainstream liberal economist that is actually trusted on these issues. He's pretty well known. He even had a cameo in ["Get Him to the Greek"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cUK8w-hM2mQ). If you're a college-educated liberal, you know about him. I dont think this derails Bernie's campaign or anything, but I am very interested to read this and this reduces my already low faith in Bernie's claims 	negative	
Welcome! Now let's beat the GOP and keep that office away from some very dangerous people! 	negative	t
Yeah I was really surprised that Hillary was willing to endorse a $15 minimum wage, but not a carbon tax.  As far as mainstream liberal economists go, a carbon tax is almost universally considered a positive while a national $15 minimum wage is on shaky ground.	negative	
Sanders' tenure in the Senate is what made his NYDN so embarrassing. He's been inside the beltway fighting for financial policy for decades, and yet still appeared unsure of what the Fed does. And he definitely seems unclear of what an investment bank does or how much "too big to fail" had to do with leverage instead of institutional diversification. 	negative	bernie	
As soon as I started paying attention to Bernie Sanders and what he's done, Clinton has lost my vote.	positive	bernie	
Oregonian here. I really lost a lot of respect for Ron Wyden when he made an endorsement of Hillary Clinton early in the race before the primaries started. It's nice to see Jeff Merkley on Bernie's side.	negative	
Yeah that was the part that really irritated me. She's constantly claimed credit for the foreign policy accomplishments of the Obama administration but whenever a blunder is pointed to she says it was OBama's call. I'm also generally getting tired of hearing Obama's name all the time coming from Clinton in these debates. It's a political tactic which works, but it's just getting annoying. 	negative	
" Daily News: There are many who believe that the stimulus program that had a lot of infrastructure money was divided up politically.Clinton: Well, look. Politics has to play some role in this. Let's not forget we do have to play some role. I got to get it passed through Congress. And I think I'm well-prepared to do that. I was telling you about Buffalo. I got $20 million. Now I got that because it was political. But it worked. And it has created this amazing medical complex."I wish more people got this - that 'playing politics' isn't a dirty word, it's just what we do to make decisions :/	positive	hillary	
The Clintons are both enthusiastic wonks, and she's not a terrific politician (unlike her husband) but IMO she's just as good at getting the meat through the grinder.	positive	hillary	
Sanders is an old-fashioned "promise" candidate. You want something? Sure, you'll get it. Want jobs, no problem. Free schooling, housing, money for nothing, chicks for free? When I'm President. Oh, and those *bad guys* messing things up? I'll take care of them too.Important Democrats see through the schtick, but since Sanders isn't a legitimate threat for the nomination, I don't think they've really felt the need to go there. But some are bound to get tired of it, like Krugman here. However it falls on deaf ears, no one was waiting with bated breath to see if Paul Krugman would approve of their support for Bernie Sanders.	negative	
I feel like it would ring pretty hollow coming from Trump, but who knows. Some people genuinely seem to think supporting him is compatible with supporting keeping money out of politics, and if they can rationalize that, the GS attacks might be even easier.	negative	t
Sure but this is his specialty, even given a week a generalist couldn't embarrass me in my own specialty like she did. He's supposed to have been doing his homework for the last 20 years in this topic. If he'd fumbled the foreign policy stuff I wouldn't have cared in the slightest but you're not supposed to be stumped in your own area of obsession.  	negative	bernie	
No. He is damaging the party by mudslinging, particularly when it no longer provides any material benefit. I lost whatever respect I still had for Bernie when his campaign took an article about legitimate campaign finance concerns and spun it as "Clinton is literally engaged in money laundering."Attacking Clinton in such a fashion now serves no purpose other than to inflict as much damage as possible, which ends up benefitting no one but Republicans come November.	negative	
The fact that Sanders could come so far without a single senate endorsement only goes on to show how relatively powerless the establishment has become in the face of the internet and social media in terms of influencing people's opinion.	positive	
I'm not convinced they won't. What you're saying would be fine if Sanders was just running a message campaign but he's not. He is telling his people he can win and they believe him. So they pour their hearts into it, give money they don't have to support him, create a reality in which Sanders is the only candidate who can save America. Nothing wrong with that necessarily, but the Sanders campaign has gone further. Not only are they building him up as the one white hope, they are trying to tear Clinton down. Calling her corrupt, calling her a liar, insinuating she's bought and sold, accusing the Democratic Party and Clinton campaign of literally **stealing** the election from him. How does he walk that back when it's over? Tell his followers he was just kidding?If this is your first election and you put everything you had into Bernie only to have it "snatched away" by a "rigged system," how do you come away from that enthused about the political process? I'm betting those people will be even less likely to participate in the future then if Sanders stayed in Vermont. If the Republican Party wasn't such a colossal mess this cycle they would be holding prayer breakfasts in honor of Bernie Sanders.	negative	bernie	
Again, the independents Sanders claims should vote are not democrats. My issue with Sanders is I believe he has a "holier than thou" attitude and that his wing believes stonewalling is better than giving up just a little for compromise  	negative	
I am a bit concerned why Sanders supports a carbon tax but not a gas tax increase. For one, other democratic socialist countries have a high gas tax. Also, a carbon tax will effect more industries and markets than a gas tax will. 	negative	
Senator Sanders could be an important player in a Democratically controlled Senate. He still has an important role to play in our government.  Solidarity, get out the vote. We can achieve a sea change in American politics.	positive	b
Anybody catch the very audible *Sigh* that Hillary's mic caught right before she started talking?That was the single most beautiful moment of the debate for me.	negative	hillary	
I'm glad she clarified, it'd been a big issue for me hearing her claim she had always been for the $15/hr minimum wage when I had watched her argue for $12 previously. It makes a lot more sense to set a national minimum at $12 and encourage states and cities that can and should have a higher minimum to go higher. I'm all for a higher minimum wage and I'm just glad the democrats are arguing about whether to raise it 60% or slightly over 100%.	positive	
Bernie doesn't need any help winning Oregon. Merkley did this because he actually believes in Bernie. 	positive	
Not quite.  Underneath Trump's brutishness is a calculated effort to undermine his opponents.  He's really quite clever.  His words are selectively chosen to trap his opponents.  Bernie says the first word that his heart dictates him to say.  Zero thought filter.  	negative	
I'm a Former Berner too who still likes Bernie. I just wish some of his supporters would not fraternise so much with Trump supporters and outright state that they'd vote for him. Trump represents *so* much towards which Bernie and the Democrats are antithetical. A vote for Trump is just... yeah.	negative	t
> I'd bet that he has seen this video  of Sanders displaying his extreme ignorance in an attack against Ben BernankeThis is hilarious because I've seen this video posted by Bernie supporters as proof of how Bernie was right. Look at the title and description. Whoever posted this video felt that Bernie killed it here.>Great Exchange! Senator Bernie Sanders can't contain himself during today's (03/03/09) Senate Budget Commitee hearing in Washington. Bad Boy Bernie demands to know who got the 2.2 trillion of dollars in loans from the Fed. Bernanke won't tell him. He's also angry that banks that get tax payer funds for nothing, are charging credit card customers 25% interest. Also discusses A.I.G. and who got those credit Defautl swaps. He also demands to know why Bernanke didn't raise the alarm when the Bush Administration was claiming the economy was sound when it obviously wasn't.	positive	
When was the last democratic convention sanders attended?	negative	
Thank you for your kind words. I feel very optimistic about the Democratic party after last night's debate. One one side we have a battle-hardened, crafty incrementalist who can, at the very least, defend some of the gains made by the Obama administration. On the other side we have a fiery champion of the people who can never be bought by special interests.It would be so wonderful when the two of them join forces. Imagine a dream team of Hillary, Bill, Bernie, and Obama.... With some of them in the White House, and others going out across America to drum up excitement about bringing more equality and opportunity to our great nation.That debate made me proud to be ~~a Democrat~~ an American.	positive	
I've used the analogy of chocolate ice cream vs vanilla ice cream.  Everyone has a preference between the two, but most people will happily take either flavor of ice cream.    In comparison, the Republicans are offering frozen shit.	negative	t
I've seen like 2 Clinton bumper stickers in Portland, Corvallis, Salem, and Eugene. Meanwhile I see a Sanders sticker or sign pretty much everywhere I look. I'd be so happy if we made Clinton unviable here. 	negative	
She wants to strangle the whole room because she doesn't see her crown.	negative	hillary	
I'm a Bernie supporter and I DON'T want him on hillarys ticket.  The bernie or bust people are just gonna view it as a way that hillary is gonna try to make him powerless by taking him out of Congress and won't choose her still. The bernie supporters who are gonna vote hillary anyway won't care if she selects someone else.  On the other hand, I would be thrilled if she gave him a high position in her cabinet. 	negative	h
He really doesn't hide his emotions. It's quite the contrast to watch them side-by-side during the debate. On our left we have Clinton with the stern yet blank, face hiding all emotion and "controlled" while on the right you could see Bernie's reaction to every response (lie). [The Bernie side-eye was out in full force!]Even her pointing is "controlled" and seemed practiced... like she practiced how to angle her body before the debate to show strength. And ofcourse, the typical politician fist instead of pointing. While Bernie ignores that politicians aren't supposed to "point" and just goes full on finger waving with passion.Their personalities basically come through in their body language.	positive	bernie	
It does when * It's not part of a strategy that has a shot at winning.* It's not been consistent since the start of the campaign.* Is something you would demonize your opponent for were the tables turned.If there was a <100 delegate (or really <50) gap and the popular vote was within a % or two, then yeah, identifying 'un-fairness' is a valid strategy.That's not the case here* Clinton has a ~2 or 3m popular vote lead - even when factoring in the scenario of caucuses counting as popular votes.   [Source](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2016/04/06/is-hillary-clinton-really-ahead-of-bernie-sanders-by-2-5-million-votes/)* Bernie is behind by ~300 pledged delates, with no realistic path to closing the gapThis is grasping at straws; at this point i am just waiting for Bernie to pick a young charismatic Latina as his VP on the eve of the CA Primary /s.	negative	
Same here from another Bernie supporter. I'll happily take Clinton over Ted Cruz or Donald Trump. Just like I'd take Obama over them if he beat Bernie in 08. It's a simple choice for me. 	positive	h
Night and day difference from Bernie's interview.  HRC has specifics.  She addresses motivation with regards to the increase in college tuition and how she thinks the government can stop in and incentivize colleges to lower costs.  I also think fundamentally the idea that college would be free is silly.  Asking parents to chip in as they are able and kids to work 10 hours/week is a very reasonable alternative to confiscatory tax rates funding someone else's kid's tuition.I also think she addressed the lack of prosecutions with regards to Wall Street in a fact based manner.  Bernie loves to demagogue and throw verbal bombs, but anyone with common sense would tell you if ambitious Justice Dept. attorneys could make a case for fraud they would absolutely do so.  Many activities we didn't like on Wall St. were simply legal, if unethical.  The laws are the problem...not the integrity of our Justice Dept.  Bernie does the whole country a disservice the way he prattles on about corruption stopping Wall St. prosecutions.	positive	hillary	
I was definitely confused.  As far as I could tell, she said "I've always supported $15" and then said "I'd like $12."  That being said, I think $12 makes more sense than $15.  It's not the number that turned me off - it was my perception that she wasn't really saying what she meant and was instead just pandering.	negative	
Clinton is not going to follow through with her current position in the general election. She'll move back to the center on guns. 	negative	
People are so nice here!	positive	
>I feel the same about Clinton's No Fly Zone plan for Syria. She just had to say something off the cuff or get "blasted" for not having an answer.>Would she say that after meeting with teams of advisers, with the research in front of her? Hell no.Clinton was Secretary of State when the Syrian crisis began. She is touting her foreign policy knowledge as a central plank of her campaign.Is she really so unfamiliar with the situation in Syria that she can be flustered into endorsing a No Fly Zone?	negative	hillary	
Just because she was able to give well thought out answers does not make something a softball question. I'm not sure why she's held to a different standard just because she's able to actually answer the questions asked. 	positive	hillary	
> Ben's face during that videoYea, he realized he was dealing with an economic illiterate. His responses to Sanders were all textbook definitions of what the Fed does; due mostly to the uninformed questions Sanders was asking.	negative	
I think given the current state of the house and Senate the potential for significant change is next to zero. I like Bernie and voted for him at my caucus mainly because I like the message that be is propagating throughout our politics.That being said I think all of his more radical ideas wouldn't make it out of committee. Look what they did to Obama's plans, can you imagine what they'd do to someone even more progressive?We need the people who supported Sanders to be as active or even more active during midterms when turn it's are terrible. Those are the decision makers. Even local and state elections are important. Partly because it's your community, and almost more importantly those are the people that end up running for federal seats.I think the one saving grace for Hilary is she knows the current politics really well and can work both sides a bit more hopefully. I see her being at least a little support from the right. I see Bernie getting none. Same with Trump. His own party won't help him and most things.	positive	bernie	
I'm no fan of the big banks, but I'm surprised that nobody has pointed out that banking is a global business and there's only three U.S. banks in the ranks of [the top twenty global banks](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_largest_banks).For somebody who's supposedly so concerned about foreign competition with U.S. workers, you'd think Sanders would spare a moment wondering what happens when he forces the only domestic competitors in the global banking sector to shrink.Of course I mean what happens after the Chinese and European banks finish throwing their huge party.	negative	bernie	
I worked for Merkley a few years ago. He is a very honorable man, treated all of his staff (even the interns) with respect and gratitude. His record in the senate is clearly progressive. I hope he continues to weigh in more prominently as the race continues. After the Sander's presidency, Merkley is the future of the Democratic Party.	positive	
It was basically Sanders' first experience with the equivalent of attack ads, and it did not end well for him. In bizarro-world where he wins the nomination, those mumbles, errms and outright "I don't know"s would haunt him until he lost.	negative	bernie
Oh lol, Shillarys face at the end during the Bernie chants ... priceless. 	negative	hillary	
Hillary should appeal to neither. She is a borderline Republican, and much more right wing than her husband.	negative	hillary	
I don't know what the future holds. But for any politician that ever had aspirations of running for the biggest office in the land, there are not many things that are more amazing that standing on a stage in New York with a room full of people chanting your name.That would satisfy just about any regular person. That memory is a keeper. Fortunately, Bernie knows he still has work to do.	positive	bernie	
> Do you threaten your boss that you're going to leave when you ask for a raise? Implicitly, yeah, you kinda do.  It's not smart to *say* you're going to quit if they say no (unless you are literally ready to do that because you have another offer or whatever), but the unspoken implication is that you might or at least might seek other opportunities if you don't get what you want.	negative	
The fact that she immediately recognized the Met Life case and had an opinion on it means she knows more than Bernie's signature issue than he does.	positive	hillary	
If you asked me in October I would've been hoping for Krugman to lean Sanders. If you asked me a week ago, yes, I saw this coming. I don't mind the arguments -- academic disagreements is good -- but "Bernie Sanders has become a Bernie Bro"? Come on. Your average pro-Clinton reddit user is more nuanced than that.	positive	
You know, for a while people were tripping over themselves asking Bernie if he would support Hillary if she won the primary.  Did anyone bother to ask Hillary the converse?	negative	hillary	
Please tell Bernie to get the taxes done with sooner then later. This shouldn't even be an issue for Hilary to fire back with. 	positive	bernie	
Hillary is clearly a very skilled debater, able to clearly articulate her points.	positive	
> Stop with the name calling, it doesn't help anyone  The GOP's actions are, objectively, those of thugs, bullies, babies. When they don't get their way they threaten and obstruct -- hence Congress having a lower approval rating than genital warts. 	negative	
And still the media only attributes this decline to "the email scandal" and not the possibility that Bernie Sanders could be legitimately gaining supporters.	positive	bernie	
They only seem that way because she was prepared with real answers.  They had to chase Sanders around and keep asking more questions to get any sort of details from him, and it turns out he really doesn't know the details.  This is night and day.  If the Sanders interview had a negative effect on polls, this will make that much worse.	negative	bernie	
All right, this may be controversial here, but I'll try to be diplomatic. Bear with me.Most North East liberals have had their preferred candidate win the nomination every year since Bill Clinton. People like me have consistently lost, often not having a proper candidate to support in the first place. (Obama is the exception.) I don't think Krugman understands what it feels like to consistently not be listened to for years on years on years. For working class progressives like myself, more leftist than Obama ever was, it seems incredibly arrogant when Krugman or anyone else tells us to sit down, accept our loss and eat our chow -- for *once* my viewpoint isn't marginalized, and you want us to sit down again? Come on. If Sanders was winning I can guarantee that the claws would come out immediately. I don't want seem overly confrontational, but this isn't "fun" to me. I feel very strongly about the importance of this election, and I sincerely believe a Sanders presidency over a Clinton presidency would significantly change the world for the better. You can disagree with that, and we can discuss our disagreements, but understand that I'll fight for my side till the end. When Krugman tells me to stop being a pain in the ass by presenting my arguments, well, I don't think he understands that this is the closest any candidate I truly believed in has come to winning the nomination for a long, long time. When people who have had it their way for decades complain that the rest of us are making too much of a fuzz I just can't help but feel very depressed.	positive	
I'm a Clinton hater and I'll readily admit that I have no critique of her intelligence or knowledge -- it's a breath of fresh air compared to her opponent and Trump.	positive	hillary	
> The black vote will be heavily democratic either wayYou still have to drive turnout.  Black voters aren't going to vote for a Republican, but if you don't give them a reason to vote for you, they won't vote at all.  And look at the polls; Sanders hasn't connected with black voters at all.  	negative	bernie	
I'm looking forward to seeing her make him look like the inexperienced nimrod he is in the debates.	positive	h
I just wanted to remind everyone that most of us Bernie supporters are not like this and will support Hillary in November (and most of the ones who won't weren't Democrats in the first place). There are unfortunately some irrational Bernie supporters though, and they are a problem.	positive	
I'll keep saying this: Liking Hillary and liking Sanders aren't mutually exclusive. There are many of us here who would *love* a Clinton/Sanders ticket.   I, for one, actually took the time to watch Sanders speech as well as HRC's. They both have the fire. They should work together. HRC is going to have so many people after this primary to tell her "move to the middle" or "it's about swing-voters now, act more moderate!", I want Bernie there in the room with her to keep her focused on the issues we care about.	positive	bh
> How do you know that's true? All his actions to change the party that he is demanding are to personally benefit him. That's clearly being selfish.Maybe not selfish, but I think he's certainly self centered. I swear I remember him talking about how the platform for the Dems should be made. He said, if he won the nomination it would just be his positions. If Hillary won though he would certainly expect some input though. !>_<! He looks at everything through his lens. 	negative	
But Hillary's argument is that when you start from a place of pragmatism, you actually achieve more.So I'll point to a specific example she's gotten skewered on from Sanders supporters - her record on gay rights. It's preposterous to think that the Clintons would have come out in favor of marriage equality in 1992. They were coming from a Deep South state and, well, I think people are forgetting what the overall climate was like for gay marriage at that time. Most people in the country were not for it.What the Clintons could reasonably accomplish (so they thought) was allowing gays to serve in the military. They campaigned on it in '92, as did all Dems. However, even this was a hard sell. Back then, it wasn't even split on party lines - people like Dick Cheney and Barry Goldwater didn't see a problem with it while Southern Democrats did.Defense funding and authorization in general was on the line, so this wasn't a small potatoes thing that could be worked on later. Either the existing ban on LGBT people would be reinforced for another funding cycle or it wouldn't. People on both sides argued lives were on the line - that gay servicemembers were in danger on the one hand (liberals), and that HIV/AIDS was a threat on the other (conservatives).The Clintons really did not want to give up the fight entirely. So they tried DADT as a compromise. Suddenly, you could not be harassed on a witch hunt to find out if you were gay or not. Was DADT a great policy? No. But it is arguable that if DADT had not been enacted, gay rights would not have progressed further, because it got people thinking about the limitations of THAT policy and of potentially gay service people among them.If the Clintons had pressed for full inclusion in the military at the time without compromise, I have no doubt they would have gotten nothing and the funding bill would have been passed with the LGBT ban still intact. Bill went for the goal of full inclusion in the military. He had the "right goals". But he also knew how to take what he could get. This solution got *some* progress made while starting a conversation about what was left to go. It put the wheels in motion.But nah, it's easier to just say that they didn't have the "right goals" in the first place and to imagine that governing and compromise is easier than it is.	positive	
I liked Sanders stance on Israel. Mainly because I don't like bending over backwards for Israel.I also think he did a much better job on foreign policy.	positive	
Agree entirely. This election cycle has been for many the first real view into the way the election process happens. And it's clear at lest to me that the process is broken and only exists to serve the party elite. The longer Sanders stays in the more he exposes the process for the fraud that it is. I think what he's doing is good, healthy and long overdue. 	positive	
I was getting yelled at in /r/politics for saying that she shouldn't have laughed like that. Some guy was like, "I'm a lawyer and I know that laugh doesn't admit guilt". Come on man, why would she laugh like that and say she wouldn't trust a polygraph test if she didn't have a definitive opinion on the situation?If anything, she consistently shows she lacks judgement.	negative	
If the lead was flipped and Hillary did something similar do you think she would be given the same? Bernie is whining his way till July it is embarrassing 	negative	
Hillary should use Barney Frank's argument and make Bernie have to define at what point he would set the maximum bank size. Because during the 2008 financial crisis some of the most devastating failures weren't the very biggest in size.I'm all for breaking up the banks if the regulators decide under Dodd Frank that they need to be. But I'm not for breaking up the banks just because it makes for a good political soundbite at rallies.The focus should be on risk and not just size. If you just turn one risky big bank into 10 smaller equally risky small banks, that doesn't solve the problem (and probably makes it worse b/c it's easier for regulators to focus on just 1 problem, and 10 smaller banks can't take advantage of scale to be able to mitigate their risks).Bernie seems to want to break banks up mostly just to punish them, which is childish.	negative	bernie	
Maybe we should also have like a "Wall of Fame" for all the superdelegates that switch to bernie, sort of as a "We may be more inclined to vote for you when your elecitons are coming up *nudge nudge* " List of names. Encouraging the same thing ur talking about but with Superdelegates instead ;)!	positive	
I think most of us here would be glad to vote for Bernie Sanders if he were the nominee.  I don't understand the morons who are "Bernie or Bust".  	positive	b
As long as Bernie, and his supporters, continue to not do anything to positively influence down-the-ballot positions then I don't believe there's much chance of>a new legitimacy to left-wing positions that were considered far outside the mainstream just a year ago.The chance to start a movement begins with pushing placements in seats *other than* the presidency.Sanders, and his campaign, have repeatedly failed to hit that mark.	negative	
There's a certain newly found self righteousness that's seeping from the Sanders' campaign, one that especially kicked into gear after he was exposed for lack of policy details behind his campaign rhetoric. For example, Bernie is suggesting you're only qualified if you're pure and therefore, being pure means you haven't received any donations from Wall Street, or the fossil fuel industry. This would have disqualified Obama and a lot of other loyal democrats who at one point sought the presidency. Krugman's arguing that the self righteousness of the Bernie diehards ("Bernie Bros") has now extended to the candidate himself. 	negative	
As a Canadian with a lot of friends and brothers in the U.S. I really hope Sanders wins. 	positive	bernie	
I think that the questions appear "softball" compared to Sanders because she answered them pretty clearly the first time.  The interviews with Sanders were like pulling teeth as the editors attempted to pull more details.  I noticed there was a lot less back and forth between them (although it did pick up near the middle) compared to the interview with Sanders.  	negative	bernie	
This is getting sad and it's really starting to drag the Democrats down.I stand by my thoughts and I still have more respect for Ted Cruz than I do Bernie at this point.	negative	
This sums up the reason for my support pretty well: > You see, I really believe that one of the challenges is we're locked in this ideological binary world right now where you've got the Tea Party ideologues, which are basically determining what Republicans say, taking a negative stand toward everything. “Government can't do anything and we shouldn't even pretend that it can.” And then you've got the people who say “the government's got the answer to everything. Whatever is ailing you, we got to get the government back doing all these things.” Look, I think you've got to say, "Hey, what are the goals we're setting? What are the steps we take?" It sounds boring but this is the kind of strategic analysis and presentation I believe in, and, "How are we going to accomplish it?" And then you look at that map and you say, "Where do I need to get the support? Where do I go to make the case?"I want good, effective governance, not just government or the lack thereof for its own sake.	positive	hillary	
I very much disagree with Coulter's comment there.  Hillary's mainstream support would be way harder for Republicans to counter in the general election.	positive	hillary	
I believe you. When it really comes down to it, when we really begin to realize that we're definitely all on the same side, we'll unite and defeat Donald Trump. Welcome to the team. And likewise, if Hillary, by some miracle is defeated, I'd support Sanders in a heartbeat. No questions asked, no second thoughts. I'd take Sanders over any Republican any day of the week. ^^Except ^^maybe ^^Fridays. :P	positive	bh
She looked more pissed off than in Miami. Probably because there were name chants AND a standing ovation. The DNC is going to go into overdrive with party affiliation changes now	negative	hillary	
Bernie Sanders' campaign is one which only reinforces my belief that process matters far more than conclusion. Or, to put it differently: it matters more to me how you reached your conclusions than what your conclusions are. I happen to agree with a lot of Sanders ideals in a broad sense, but I disagree strongly with how he supports and reaches those conclusions, and that is much more important to me. 	negative	
Sanders has stopped impressing me because he never gets beyond the same stump speech he's been using for years. Clinton impresses me because she has a better grasp on the details of Sanders' record than Sanders does himself. Though sadly, Clinton also impresses me (in a bad way) with her brazen attacks that take certain facts of Bernie's record *way* out of context.>Not Dodging Questions: I thought the question about "would you apologize to Sandy Hook victims?" was a super loaded and unfair question. But Bernie took it head on, and answered it clearly and straightforwardly. Again, that took a lot of political courage.That one particular moment was impressive on Bernie's part, ditto his answer on Palestine, but he dodged plenty more earlier in the night, e.g. after insinuating time and time again about Clinton being bought by special interests, he couldn't name a *single example* of her changing position because of it. He just did the usual pivot into his stump speech. It was too evocative of his lack of details in the NY Daily News interview. And his broadside attack on Clinton's minimum wage position was ridiculous. It's too often the case in this campaign that Bernie paints in broad strokes whereas Clinton prefers nuance: Clinton never *opposed* a $15 minimum wage, as long as it was limited to certain localities. The NY law recently passed will scale slower in poorer rural areas, so it doesn't shock their economy. That's EXACTLY the policy Clinton has been proposing all along, and Bernie was outright wrong to accuse her of changing positions. It's such politics-as-usual bullshit from a man who's supposed to be the most genuine guy in the campaign.And the crime bill! Yes, Clinton supported it, but Bernie *voted for it!* Why is she the only one who has to bear the burden? And he feigns such anger over her unreleased transcripts, but where the hell are his tax returns? We've 20 years worth of Clinton's, but not even one full years worth of Bernie's. It's hypocritical to pose as a champion of transparency when you're hiding like that.But I admit I'm giving Bernie a harder time *because* he's supposed to be the *genuine* candidate. Clinton was never a stranger to distortions, e.g. the 'guns out of state per capita' remark over Vermont. I guess there's a principled point somewhere in there about how gun laws in certain states affect others ones, but it sure makes it sound like she's trying to force Bernie to bear a larger part of the burden than he's actually due. It's a crappy point, and only serves to make her look bad. I realize I just defeated the spirit of this thread, but this debate really riled me up. I just want this contest to be over already so we can get to the good fight come fall. 	negative	
Yes. Hillary strengths line up perfectly with GOP weakness, e.g. Women and minorities. She crushes where they are weakest. 	positive	hillary	
Please work hard to convince other Sanders supporters of this. We can't have Trump running this country. 	negative	t
Hello deafening "Bernie"  chants while my time to talk is ticking 	positive	bernie	
He sounds so dumb every time he speaks, he looks silly too. It really is that simple to describe Trump, no need to get sophisticated when dealing with a brute. He is so awful, I would honestly leave the country if he were elected. I love my country and fought for it but if a majority chooses this moron, I'm out.	negative	t
I think Hillary did well for talking about Obama a LOT in the debate. Which is important as Obama is undoubtedly loved in New York.	positive	
He just assumes that if he won there would also be a yuge Democratic landslide, with the Dems taking over Congress. He is completely unprepared for the far more likely continuation of our deadlocked politics.  	negative	bernie	
That video makes me want to punch something. I didn't realize what a ignoramus Sanders was even back then.If he would have bothered to read a single book about central banking, he could have actually asked important questions. Bernanke and the Fed weren't innocent in that crisis by any means, but Bernie asked probably the least consequential questions you could ask to the Fed Chairman. 	negative	
Hillary has been saying Dodd-Frank provides the tools if it becomes necessary and now Sanders is finally agreeing with her.	positive	hillary	
Sounds like Sanders takes mainstream positions on gun control and immigration reform. That would help him in the general election against a Republican.	positive	bernie	
But the resolution said that we could use military force to protect civilians. That's exactly what we did. Bernie Sanders has a pattern of wanting to have cake and eat it too. This is especially evident with foreign policy and with Libya. You either do what we did (protect the people and allow regime change) or you let the civilians die. Sanders voted to protect the people. His whole argument about Clinton being pro regime change is complete bullshit. Besides, if we hadn't intervened in Libya, France and the UK would have done it without us and we would have looked shitty not helping them when they help us all the time. 	negative	
I don't know that I hope for it, but I really would NOT be surprised by it!  For goodness sake he's friggin' *donated* to her in the past!	negative	t
I agree Bernie Sanders supporters are fanatical and dismiss criticisms too quickly, but the latter is definitely true of Hillary supporters too. Any time a supporter attacks the candidate rather than their proposed policies or their track record, it should be dismissed as biased and ad hominem rhetoric. Hillary may be more well rounded than Bernie, but leaving their personalities aside, I think Hillary supporters dismiss corruption charges too easily too. Corruption is one of the most crippling problems around the world, and the fact is that America is living in an era of legal and open corruption with citizens united and constant lobbyism.	negative	
I agree. I think that Clinton probably has the best chance of getting things passed. Even Trump/Cruz could potentially force some things through that toe the main Republican party line. Sanders would be unable and perhaps unwilling to compromise on any issues, even within his own party.	positive	hillary	
Clinton doesn't have a chance in Oregon.	negative	
#JaneSandersForFirstLady2016!!!Seriously though, the Sanders' has to be the most lovable familly ever.	positive	bernie	
Well the DNC and Hillary campaign should stop trying marginalize a significant portion if the party.	negative	
Sanders2016:The WebMD of Politics	negative	
It's pretty much what everyone from Rubio to Obama has agreed. Clinton is vastly qualified and has the most impressive CV with the most impressive ability to talk to the very upmost of detail on literally any issue.The difference is if you want someone who can do all of that but holds different views than you.	positive	hillary	
I agree that the movement needs to elect Congressmen and Senators in order to actually accomplish anything. But it's too late to do that in this election cycle, and it was probably already too late last May when Bernie launched his campaign, because it's unrealistic to expect them to recruit or track down Congressional candidates who fit their ideology, and run a presidential campaign at the same time. It's not like there were already a bunch of viable far-left Congressional candidates for them to support.What Bernie has done is raise awareness and granted legitimacy to liberal positions, as I said. There was never any real chance he would win in 2016. But maybe this wave of support can turn into a more viable movement in future election cycles.	positive	
They also made it so the Republican debates started like 2 weeks ago but the Democratic debates don't start until Mid-October.  I think they were hoping Sanders campaign would run out of steam by then, but he's still on the up and up.	positive	bernie	
I am democrat, but not really a Bernie Supporter or Clinton Supporter.Clinton - the depth of her knowledge on policy.  She has nuanced answers on most topics.  Bernie - he has had the same opinions for 30 years.  I was a Vermonter in the 80/90s and he hasn't changed much since then.  Just watched a documentary on Ronald Reagan and both candidates could REALLY learn a lot from Reagan on controlling & using their body language.  Sanders pointing and Clinton smirking was a little off putting	negative	
I understand them. I just think they're really, really, really, wrong.	negative	
This is so stupid. Bernie hasn't done anything to prevent a democratic president. If anything, he's helped Hillary by pushing away the notion that she's being "coronated" by the DNC. 	positive	
This has been a scary phenomenon for a little while now. I have a very successful brother-in-law who is a dentist and will rail against climate change deniers all day, making fun of them for not following the science. I kid you not, he let his kids opt out of vaccines this year, is starting to go against western medicine in favor of eastern methods and won't listen at all when someone tells him that Bernie's plans are almost impossible to implement. His wife is the same way, and she is a very intelligent person also, I am just dumbfounded that some in the progressive movement are denying facts and science the way that they are.	negative	
You really think the campaign manager isn't doing what the candidate wants? That his actions aren't approved of? It's also far from the first time he's worked with Weaver too, he knows who he is.Sanders hired an attack dog as a campaign manager and lets him run free for a reason. Of course he knows what his campaign manager is doing.	negative	
Just more proof Bernie isn't in this for the good of the Democratic Party, Bernie is in this for Bernie. Changing how the primary process works isn't losing gracefully like someone who cared about the good of the party would. As a Hillary supporter, it would be harder and harder for me to actually support Bernie if he were somehow the nominee after the shit he's pulled trying to divide the DNC. 	negative	
Thanks for the video. There's definitely fire there when she talks about the families she met on her campaign trail. 	positive	h
Their thought process would hold some ground if it wasnt for how toxic our politics is.The Republicans will hence forth deny any democratic candidate any leverage.. all we have now is the bully pulpit, which sanders believes in utilizing. Your friends are simply wrong to believe the reds will ever give another blue any leeway by choice - that ship has sailed.We need a dem that will utterly insult and destroy their arguments with the realities of american life.. which sanders is committed to doingUnfortunately explaining all that to someone who doesnt understand the last 3 decades of the party's history wouldnt understand it 	positive	bernie	
Actually it would be a great form of [nonviolent protest](https://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/4ee9v4/police_arrest_400_at_us_capitol_in_protest_of/d1zfocu). She doesn't have a right to make the world shut up because it isn't obeying her wishes -- disobeying them in a way that we have the right to do (like chanting "Bernie" and asking about her transcripts) could be a way to get her to take off her mask without doing anything that's actually objectionable.	negative	hillary	
A difficult time sure. But a much easier time than Bernie, who has alienated even Dems.	negative	bernie	
Everyone should get a lawyer that does his or her best to defend them, however said lawyer has no obligation to devolves into using shady/dishonest tactics and deserve to be criticized if they do. There are plenty of great lawyers with an intact moral compass and the fact that Clinton wasn't says a lot about her	negative	
Unsubscribed from /r/sandersforpresident today. Bernie or Bust people are infuriating. The logical thing to do now is support Hillary. I won't cut off my nose to spite my face.  It's official, #ImWithHer now.	negative	b
Trump never said he wants to leave NATO. He said that they need to reproach what NATO is, as the world has changed quite a bit since the Cold War, and that it's goals and operation should reflect the new age. 	negative	
You're right. I think Bernie may have lost a few more deep thinking voters. I may not like Hill but she does have an undeniable reputation of being someone who gets things done, and it made the campaign look petty with a comparison, rather than a simple rebuttal.	negative	hillary	
I think this is it. He's hoping to leverage as much as he can get out of dropping out. But I don't think he realizes that every day that goes by, he gets a little less powerful as the media stops mentioning him. 	negative	
>They seem insistent on defining the political debate, painting Sanders as an unrealistic radical, and acting like they have a monopoly on facts.Which is incredibly interesting considering Clinton claims to speak to every issue that Sanders does, just in a more watered down form.If some Clinton supporters think Sanders is ideologically wrong, why are they supporting Clinton when she addresses the exact same issues?  For example, the recent Wall Street thread.  It seemed like a lot of Clinton supporters were saying there was nothing wrong with Wall Street, yet their candidate wishes for more regulation of Wall Street.I've asked a few this, and some of them say that she is just "putting on a front" and taking positions she doesn't actually hold, like being against the TPP.	negative	
I can't link, but an article containing a long quote from Marion Edelman, the founder of The Children's  Defense Fund, shows how betrayed she and others felt when Hillary Clinton championed the Welfare Reform bill that she said threw a million children into poverty and doubled the amount of extreme poverty when Clinton gutted social services. Edelmens husband Peter, along with two other Welfare officials in the white house, resigned in protest of this bill. The article is How Hillary Clinton Betrayed the Children's Defense Fund For Political Gain	negative	
Hillary hasn't, and she even criticises Obama for doing that.https://theintercept.com/2016/02/18/hillary-clinton-with-little-notice-vows-to-embrace-an-extremist-agenda-on-israel/http://time.com/4265947/hillary-clinton-aipac-speech-transcript/> And let me be clear — I would vigorously oppose any attempt by outside parties to impose a solution, including by the U.N. Security Council.	negative	
I voted for Sanders in the primary on the ideal alone, despite sharing most of the same concerns you articulate above. I don't think he'd make a good president, but I like what he stands for, and I'd like to see the narrative moved in the direction of dealing with issues like inequality more directly, even though I don't necessarily trust Sanders to address them.	positive	
I wouldn't suggest two people get married who've known each other for as little time as Bernie has half-heartedly claimed to be a Democrat. The idea that he gets to dictate new rules is absurd.	negative	
I've got two blue collar friends, one of whom is a dyed in the wool Union guy, who've basically said they don't think Sanders could get anything done in office. That he'd just get jammed by a republican house who hates his socialist guts. It's better to have someone who agrees with you a reasonable amount and can get stuff done, than someone who agrees with you fully but can't do shit.Bottomline: they don't believe in sanders' ability to politic.	negative	bernie	
I think Bernie having a Snapchat with little stories snippets would be awesome! 	positive	bernie	
He's running out of moves.This is just like what Ted Cruz did when he nominated a VP pick before the convention. It's fine gamesmanship, but Hillary's is better. Let's not pretend that there's any principled ideal at stake here.	negative	
Same, my grandmother as well, funnily enough. I hope Bernie wins not just because I like him, but because seeing her snap will be hilarious. Yes, that's petty, I know. Whatever.	positive	bernie	
Hillary can appear almost creepily well-informed at times, and this interview is one of them. The NYDN *couldn't* press her for specific ideas like Sanders- she offered them freely.All in all, I'm pretty impressed. It's one thing to know intellectually that she's a well-qualified candidate and another thing entirely to see it in action.	positive	hillary	
I also am a Sanders supporter but I think she's right on minimum wage (at the moment) but I don't think she did a good job of explaining it last night. If I hadn't read her position on her website before I imagine I would have been really confused. I also think she's trying to hard to seem part of the Fight for 15 movement... She should just state her disagreement. But she would likely lose some votes. 	negative	
I fucking love NYDN's interviews. Maybe I'm ignorant, but why haven't I heard more about NYDN before this election cycle? They ask some very pointed, substantive questions.This is a great interview from Clinton. She gave thoughtful, thorough, responsive answers and talked very specifically about her ideas and what she's done in the past. *This* is the Hillary Clinton I don't think enough people get to hear from. We're so used to just hearing candidates giving sound bite-laden campaign speeches or trading headline-friendly debate barbs. It's not often enough we have interviews or opportunities to really hear a candidate talk about *specifics* free of the pressure to deliver rehearsed platitudes.When Clinton is in *that* environment (you know, the environment an actual President is in all the time), she absolutely  thrives. If she's on the stump or at a debate, she holds her own well enough but I still feel like it's foreign to her. Clinton is at her best in this format and is a much better policy maker/politician/decision maker than she is a candidate.	positive	hillary	
Bernie knows how to stay on point	positive	
And his campaign wonders why the DNC hasn't been giving him hugs and kisses for the last six months.	negative	
>whenever Hillary made a terrible argumentMost of the debate then	negative	hillary	
Man I found that bit to be super frustrating as a Clinton Supporter.  His theatrics were ridiculous.  	negative	
I thought this was a joke. That's actually in there. Like passing an ammendment by roll call vote is the epitome of legislative accomplishment. Is that really their best defence? It just kinda highlights the fact that he was never able to pass actual legislation in 30 years in Congress.	negative	bernie	
He has very strong opinions about the things he wants to get done, unfortunately he has no actual details about how they will become reality.	negative	bernie	
I'm a Clinton supporter, but I'm not buying it.Sanders hasn't said anything beyond the pale or beyond what we'd expect from a politician in a competitive race.  I have a strong suspicion that the media is hankering for a spectacle and is in the midst of a self-fulfilling prophecy.	positive	
Sanders supporters refuse to believe she's more knowledgeable, so when they see her acing an interview that Sanders bombed, they assume it has to be because her interview was easier.	negative	bernie	
Hillary voter here.Israel: Took some real chutzpah to talk about Israel like that in NYC. Props to Bernie for sticking to his principles.Tax Returns: Good of him to give a definite deadline.Snark: He had some real sass in this debate. I can always appreciate good snark when I hear it.	positive	
If he's trying to stir up the base, he's doing a piss poor job at it. I'm a socialist (not a democratic socialist, a socialist socialist) for crying out loud and I'm heavily considering voting Hillary in the upcoming primary so we can focus on defeating Trump.	negative	
I'll never be able to get that laugh out of my head. "HAHAHA I'll never trust a polygraph again isn't it hilarious" I'm going to be completely honest, *this* is the reason why I will never, ever vote for Hillary. Not even if my vote means that Trump or Cruz would win. I almost decided that was unreasonable a week or two ago, and popped over to the Clinton subreddit to see what they had to say, because I've prided myself in doing research, and attempting to circumvent my own bias. Pretty much all I saw there was that she's the most QUALIFIED to be president. What does that even mean? Oh, and that they were telling on-the-fence people to fuck off and that they don't need their vote. Well alrighty then. Thanks for letting me not vote for her in good conscious :).I'm sorry for the rant, but this has been eating me up inside. I don't want to talk about it because I don't think it's a very compelling reason to not vote for her, although I do think it shows that she is absolutely ruthless and will do literally anything to get what she wants, and I'm not sure that's the kind of person I want as President.	negative	
She wishes she had that amount of support from the people	negative	hillary	
This is something I have actually struggled with and basically came to this conclusion: We know Sanders is going to endorse Hillary if she wins. If I am so ready to vote for him to be our president, why would I discard the first thing he does when he loses? It doesn't make sense. I trust his judgement enough to be my president so if he says vote Hillary, I'm voting Hillary. Obviously there's much more to it than that, but it's basically the thought that made me sure about my support moving forward.	positive	bh
Bernie looks so smug for a moment when the crowds chants keep her from speaking.  It's amazing.	positive	bernie	
It's been a good fight! We're in this together, despite the emotions right now.	positive	
What I say to people who say that is even if Bernie wasn't able to pass ALL of his proposals, wouldn't you rather have someone who has fought for the middle and working class all his life, who has shown he is honest and doesnt owe any industries any favors in the White House signing and vetoing legislation, making executive orders, keeping us out of wasteful wars? 	positive	
>Some Sanders supporters responded angrily when these concerns were raised, immediately accusing anyone expressing doubts about their hero of being corrupt if not actually criminalDoes Krugman browse reddit? That's putting it mildly!>Unfortunately, in the past few days the answer has become all too clear: Mr. Sanders is starting to sound like his worst followers. Bernie is becoming a Bernie Bro.Sounds exactly right to me. >So what do you think of Krugman's critiques? Will a prominent op-ed like this hurt Sanders ahead of the NY primary? Do you expect it to feature at all in the coming debate?Honestly, I doubt this will make much of a difference. I doubt too many of Sanders' supporters read the new york times anyway. Maybe if this op-ed was in the Huffington Post or on Salon.com it might make a difference but even them it'd probably be dismissed as the corrupt ramblings of an establishment shill. 	negative	
He basically said that the well-being of the Palestinian people needs to come to forefront of the discussion, and that we have to stop putting Israel and Netanyahu beyond reproach.Not that crazy a thing to say, but in the context of US politics, especially in New York, it took a lot of political courage to make that the focal point of his debate answers.	negative	
Yes, and every open letter he sends weakens his negotiating power.  He's spending his ammo, and it may just backfire on him.  Even though the remaining primaries don't matter and Clinton isn't even advertising in those states, I wouldn't be surprised if this strategy hurts him, and Democrats decide enough is enough.  Especially as they see the Republican Party settle on Trump, they may decide it's time for the Democratic Party to get behind Clinton.	negative	
Actually it can. I encourage everyone to check out what we did in Richmond, CA. The Chevron corporation spent over $3M to squash grassroots candidates/buy the city council that holds it's refinery accountable. It backfired: residents tossed the negative mailers/calls and gave progressives not just a landslide, but total victory (all 5 races.) 	negative	bernie	
To the informed it's pretty brutal.   Bernie supporters will largely attempt to dismiss him as a "free trade shill."    I don't think it does much to the average voter. He doesn't have a huge following outside polisci and economics nerds. 	negative	
Kind of reminds me of the jokes they made about Rudy Giuliani, whatever the question was the answer was 9/11.  I really liked Bernie but have become increasingly nervous about the bridges he has been burning.  A sizeable number of Sanders voters aren't voting downticket... a bad sign for the upcoming elections.  How do the BS supporters think Bernie is going to accomplish his goals without party support?  	negative	
But that's basically how Trump describes his negotiation tactics for getting Mexico to pay for the wall. He threatens protectionist tariffs that would hurt Mexico's economy.	negative	
I think that Hillary really highlighted that difference when Bernie said that he had spent a few months in Israel and Hillary responded that she brokered a cease-fire there.  I give Sanders credit for maintaining his argument that we need to be more pro-Palestine in our stances there, but I disagree that being more pro-Palestine means that we have to be more anti-Israel.	positive	
She does snicker a lot though...constant heh..heh..heh. laughing that the mic catches whenever he makes a statement she has exceptionally low regard for.edit: fixed mic typo	negative	hillary	
Right, but these aren't exactly tough or unexpected questions. He's had months to figure out how he would break up the banks. The fact that he spends months talking about *what* we should do and can't answer the simplest possible query about *how* he would do it, is pretty telling. 	negative	bernie	
Truth. If it was reversed, I know I'd vote Bernie come fall, but I'd probably be real pissed off for a while. I'm not sure I'd reddit about it, definitely not at first. It's not easy.	positive	b
How do you know that's true? All his actions to change the party that he is demanding are to personally benefit him. That's clearly being selfish.	negative	
Finally, someone that doesn't care for money, has no special interest, the most honest candidate I've ever seen. America needs you bernie, bring it home to new york!	positive	bernie	
Here's the thing.  We all know that even the most popular POTUS doesn't get to dictate laws.  Anything a President Sanders wants, is still going to have to go through the meat-grinder that is Congress.So to me, it's not a question of what laws Sanders wants, and it's more a case of how a POTUS Sanders will tip the scales towards progressive policies in the USA.I want that.  Very much.	positive	
yeah, that look on her face was 100% "That's cute, but I already know I'm winning this"	negative	hillary	
The thing with lobbyism and cronyism and whatever is that while I see she has a superpac and lobbyists donating to her no-one can point me  to a single policy position or platform which shes changed or advocated for because of these donations and lobbyists. Where is the quid pro quo? Where is the smoking gun? Until there's even a modicum of evidence all charges of corruption and cronyism and criticisms of Hillary for those things are - in my mind - ad hominem and unjustified attacks. 	negative	
I knew Sanders was misleading after he said "banks are bigger now than they were in 2008." Of course they are. It's a direct result of Dodd Frank. Banks have to adhere to risk based capital requirements now. When banks take risks (they have to) they need money in their reserves to cover the risks. This is the basis of stress testing. In 2016 a bank will bigger than it was in 2008 for the financial security of the bank. This policy makes banks bigger, it also makes the banks stronger in the sense that they don't pose a systemic risk to the overall economy. 	negative	
I'm a sucker for Tim Conova and his fundraising emails :( I even put his campaign on my reoccurring donations along with Bernie! Him and Benie's emails really pull at my heart strings and make me want to empty my whole bank account to their causes and campaigns!	positive	
Bernie himself is a curmudgeon from what others in Congress have said. I don't think he's some old man being led astray by his advisers. He got a taste of the limelight and liked it. Now he can't let go.	negative	
In fairness, she's *earned* the endorsement of the New York Daily News here. That's worth a little more than just getting it.	positive	hillary	
I didn't get to hear the whole debate and when I had it on wasnt paying very close attention, but I would say Hillarys closing statement was very eloquent and well done.  I know that's not a very substantive observation, but it's rare in election debates to hear eloquence.	positive	
He may have started off a bit slow but when he picked up steam and especially considering the horseshit time disparity, what he did last night what truly truly inspiring 	positive	bernie	
This is big news. It's already trending on twitter. Hopefully other Senators who were on the sideline can feel comfortable to weigh in now. Merkley's move was a brave and noble one for sure.  Hopefully this overshadows the huge negative hitpiece editorial today by the NY Daily News the Clinton campaign is pumping	negative	
Honestly, who wouldn't be intoxicated by the seemingly endless tides of youth at his rallies though?  All his life ideas, and his every word is hung on.   It's got to be so satisfying at that age.	positive	
Yup. My appraisal of him did a 180 after he started seeming viable.I liked him a lot during the first debate. He was good at being a truth teller willing to say bold stuff.But the further the primary went the more I started to dislike him.	negative	bernie	
One of the reasons I have continued to support Sanders financially is because I value pushing the Overton Window back to the left, regardless of whether or not he wins the nomination. 	positive	
Sorry, you don't get to be johnny come latley to the party, run a loosing campaign, then whine that the rules are un-fair.  Bernie knew the rules when he decided to run, just as Trump did.  Trump may have complained, but he did so as part of a winning strategy; something impossible for Bernie to do at this point. Clinton was way closer to Obama at this point in 08 and while she complained/delved into strategies, she did not resort to the stunts that Bernie is pulling; she actually g.a.s about the party.  Bernie's just grasping at straws trying to subvert the will of the democratic party because he holds big rallies.	negative	
Next thing you know he'll be trying to tell us he has a secret plan to fight inflation.	negative	bernie	
Sound like a nice man..... More nice men and women turns to Bernie	positive	
True. But sometimes she kinda talks herself into a circle and I'm like "wtf did she just say?"Not accepting *any* responsibility as Secretary of State was a turn off for me. I mean, we get it, Obama makes the final call. But you're his top foreign policy advisor. Surely you deserve some blame. Everyone knows the Middle East is a clusterfuck, accepting some responsibility for that will actually make people (me) respect you more. 	negative	
Yep, another Sanders supporter here. I'd rather have Hillary over Trump a million times over.	positive	h
> over the path to sustainable energy was a big deal, IMOThat was **awesome**.>Hillary: "I will build 20 million solar panels!">Bernie: " I WILL BUILD 500 MILLION SOLAR PANELS!">Hillary: "I WILL BUILD SO MANY PANELS THAT THE LIGHT WILL PIERCE THE HEAVENS!"Or that's how I recalled it. 	positive	
The relative silence from Sanders supporters about the interview would indicate she knocked it out of the park	positive	hillary	
So, let's say we agree that NATO needs reforming. What is Hillary going to do? She's just going to say, "Well we asked them and they didn't agree. So same thing as usual; no change here." The chip has to be on the table, even if it's never intended to be used. Politics is all a form of poker. 	negative	
Damn, as a Dutch citizen, I feel the Bern.	positive	bernie	
I love the look on Hillary's face when they are chanting; *"BERNIE, BERNIE, BERNIE"* I bet she only dreams about having a support base like that.	negative	hillary	
I'm not even close to being a yellow dog. I'm a bleeding heart lefty liberal, and voting for Sanders would be very tough for me. I want us to *eventually* get to a lot of the places he wants us to be *RIGHT NOW.* I just don't think that's going to happen *RIGHT NOW* and he is faaaaaar from the right person to deliver it. 	negative	b
It's easy to do a comparison. Bernie on big banks:>Daily News: Okay. Well, let's assume that you're correct on that point. How do you go about doing it?>Sanders: How you go about doing it is having legislation passed, or giving the authority to the secretary of treasury to determine, under Dodd-Frank, that these banks are a danger to the economy over the problem of too-big-to-fail.>Daily News: But do you think that the Fed, now, has that authority?>Sanders: Well, I don't know if the Fed has it. But I think the administration can have it.>Daily News: How? How does a President turn to JPMorgan Chase, or have the Treasury turn to any of those banks and say, "Now you must do X, Y and Z?">Sanders: Well, you do have authority under the Dodd-Frank legislation to do that, make that determination.>Daily News: You do, just by Federal Reserve fiat, you do?>Sanders: Yeah. Well, I believe you do.>Daily News: So if you look forward, a year, maybe two years, right now you have...JPMorgan has 241,000 employees. About 20,000 of them in New York. $192 billion in net assets. What happens? What do you foresee? What is JPMorgan in year two of...>Sanders: What I foresee is a stronger national economy. And, in fact, a stronger economy in New York State, as well. What I foresee is a financial system which actually makes affordable loans to small and medium-size businesses. Does not live as an island onto themselves concerned about their own profits. And, in fact, creating incredibly complicated financial tools, which have led us into the worst economic recession in the modern history of the United States.>Daily News: I get that point. I'm just looking at the method because, actions have reactions, right? There are pluses and minuses. So, if you push here, you may get an unintended consequence that you don't understand. So, what I'm asking is, how can we understand? If you look at JPMorgan just as an example, or you can do Citibank, or Bank of America. What would it be? What would that institution be? Would there be a consumer bank? Where would the investing go?>Sanders: I'm not running JPMorgan Chase or Citibank.>Daily News: No. But you'd be breaking it up.>Sanders: That's right. And that is their decision as to what they want to do and how they want to reconfigure themselves. That's not my decision. All I am saying is that I do not want to see this country be in a position where it was in 2008, where we have to bail them out. And, in addition, I oppose that kind of concentration of ownership entirely.>You're asking a question, which is a fair question. But let me just take your question and take it to another issue. Alright? It would be fair for you to say, "Well, Bernie, you got on there that you are strongly concerned about climate change and that we have to transform our energy system away from fossil fuel. What happens to the people in the fossil fuel industry?">That's a fair question. But the other part of that is if we do not address that issue the planet we’re gonna leave your kids and your grandchildren may not be a particularly healthy or habitable one. So I can't say, if you're saying that we’re going to break up the banks, will it have a negative consequence on some people? I suspect that it will. Will it have a positive impact on the economy in general? Yes, I think it will.And now with Clinton:>Daily News: Wall Street, too big to fail.>Clinton: Too big to fail.>Daily News: How do you stop too big to fail? What needs to happen?>Clinton: Well, I have been a strong supporter of Dodd-Frank because it is the most consequential financial reforms since the Great Depression. And I have said many times in debates and in other settings, there is authority in Dodd-Frank to break up banks that pose a grave threat to financial stability.>There are two approaches. There's Section 121, Section 165, and both of them can be used by regulators to either require a bank to sell off businesses, lines of businesses or assets, because of the finding that is made by two-thirds of the financial regulators that the institution poses a grave threat, or if the Fed and the FDIC conclude that the institutions' living will resolution is inadequate and is not going to get any better, there can also be requirements that they do so.>So we've got that structure. Now a lot of people have argued that there need to be some tweaks to it that I would be certainly open to. But my point from the very beginning of this campaign, and it's something that I've said repeatedly: big banks did not cause the Great Recession primarily. They were complicit, but hedge funds; Lehman Brothers, an investment bank; a big insurance company, AIG; mortgage companies like Countrywide, Fannie and Freddie — there were lots of culprits who were contributing to the circumstances that led to the very dangerous financial crisis.It seems fairly clear that one of them has a stronger grasp on the details than the other. Clinton has always been particularly good about specifics, whereas Sanders paints in broad strokes.But will it have an impact on the primaries? I'm not so sure. I think most people have decided at this point, and also that most people vote based on perception rather than intellectual rigor. Clinton may be the clear wonk, but anyone choosing Sanders likely believes him to be the more sincere candidate, if not the most studied one. So I think this interview will only reinforce Clinton voters, rather than bring over new ones. It seems certain that the demographic trends of the last couple of months will be maintained throughout the rest of the nominating contests. The goal now is to *avoid messing up,* and in that respect, Clinton has performed well in this interview.	positive	hillary	
It might be petty, but a show of genuine anger from her would be the most truthful thing she has done this cycle. I think I would even respect her a little bit more if she showed that she wasn't some robot.	negative	hillary	
Oh god, you just made me envision Sanders at the DNC giving his traditional stump speech about corruption and millionaires and billionaires and wall street.  I mean, is he even capable of otherwise, I seem to have forgotten a time in which he did.  I think I'm going to be sick.	negative	
I agree! I've been throwing Secretary of Labor around, which he would be perfect for	positive	b
Also a good thing to remember for us as we move forward. Don't put Clinton down. People who are supporting her will get defensive. Acknowledge her strengths and go on to promote Bernies record and vision. 	positive	
The general presidential debates will feature this thing known as "moderation" that is unknown to the GOP candidates wherein the man or woman asking the questions will facilitate a conversation between the two candidates	negative	t
> I would honestly leave the country if he were elected.   No you wouldn't. This is something that people say every four years on every side of the aisle, and I can't think of it ever happening. What you should do if someone wins that you can't stand is stay and protest. Have your voice heard.   America is a great country, and it's made better by different opinions. 	negative	
For all the crap that Hillary has gotten over her corporate connections, it's these insights that really drives home that value for a President. She has the power and the connections to call up the leader of a major company to get their insights on the issues that are influencing capitalism. She then has the intelligence and experience to propose policies to amend them. Most importantly, she has the open-mindedness to listen. It's the last quality that I am most uncertain about in Bernie. I don't know if he would listen to the leaders of corporations he is so passionately crusading against. And that makes it harder for him to propose and enact policies that will actually help.	positive	hillary	
I kinda understood what she was saying. It sounds like they are basically in agreement, except Clinton wants to get the $12 because it is faster and easier and then try for $15 later.Do you think the general public understood what she was saying?	positive	
I think this is the truth. Barney Frank has said what he says about Bernie for a LONG time. (Back to the 90s from memory) And we're seeing it very obviously in the past week. He reacts badly when pressured. He can't handle being criticized. (Or even hinted at criticisim) One of the arguments I've seen about Hillary and her campaigns 'tone' comment is how will she handle Trump. I think that is a relevant question to ask of Bernie. He came out swinging with incredibly incorrect info based off a headline. And when told he was wrong DOUBLED DOWN. Trump or Cruz will have a field day. 	negative	
I think it deserves a good amount of coverage given the fact that Bernie's disaster of an interview got a decent amount.I think the contrast is important to tell people about.	negative	bernie	
Glad to have you aboard! At the end of the day most Sanders supporters and most Clinton supporters share the same priorities and goals, IMO.  Hope you and the other Sanders supporters who want to stop Trump keep in mind that y'all are uniquely well suited to help convince other Sanders supporters you may know IRL to come around and support Hillary in November. I'm sure there will be a small core of die-hards who do actually stay home, vote for Jill Stein or even vote Trump in November, but the fewer the better.	positive	bh
You certainly can sue Ford for that, and you will lose. Because the judicial system will determine it to be either frivolous or the case will proceed and you'll get hammered. That's the job of the judicial branch. What Bernie is suggesting is making it *impossible* to sue gun manufacturers. He's suggesting that the legislative make a power grab from the judicial just for this one industry. That's not how the system was set up, each branch of government has a specialty and they are supposed to check and balance each other. Not randomly usurp power in favor of certain private industries. 	negative	
Not if they want a Republican to win, it's much easier to attack Clinton on all of her scandals than it is to attack Bernie Sanders. Ann Coulter said this recently on Lou Dobbs show> > Well I wish Fox news would go a little easier on Hillary Clinton, she's the one we want to run against. Could you guys just back off? Because I feel like this is deja vu again. We used to say "Oh our our next president isn't gonna be a guy named Barrack Hussein Obama", our next President could be Bernie Sanders if you people keep this up!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C0BKkb2gtw8  starts at 3:30	negative	hillary	
The insane level of mobilization by the Democratic establishment behind Hillary Clinton without any other eggs in any other basket is coming back to bite them in the ass.    So many people could have at least tried to run, it's not like there's no bench at all.  Some respectable governors:  Jerry Brown, Dannell Malloy, John Hickenlooper, Steve Beshear.  O'Malley would have been a great candidate if not for everyone who could have helped him already being in the tank for Clinton.  Plenty of Senators with ideas/things to say that are presidential material, or at least wort the opportunity to be on the primary stage.  Hell, I'd vote John Kerry for president all over again.  None of them even bothered, because every major donor and organization that would help them get off the ground was already behind Hillary.    It's frustrating how stupid it is, it's been clear since the beginning she had nowhere to go but down, and now it's biting the DNC in the ass.  Sanders is fantastic in a lot of ways, but he also has challenges when it comes to the general election.  Two people is still not enough.	negative	hillary	
> "Guidelines for good and bad behavior"? "What's fun for the campaign isn't good for America"? "Start acting responsibly"?Did you not see the news this week? Sanders read a biased headline, didn't read the article and started screaming about how Clinton wasn't qualified to be president. When Clinton was asked about it, she said that Sanders was more qualified than any Republican.Sanders needs to remember that he is better than this.	positive	
Yup.  He doesn't seem to get the difference between revenge and reform.  I would love to seem him answer that and then get pushed on it b/c i doubt he'd give a clear answer.Also, a fair number of experts don't think breaking up banks is the best option.  Like you said, reducing risks is more important.  The biggest banks help us compete globally, and they were the only ones who had the ability to absorb other bank failures during the recession. 	negative	bernie	
Do you threaten your boss that you're going to leave when you ask for a raise? You don't have to threaten to withdraw to make changes. 	negative	
Well now the narrative that she has rightfully earned her nomination is established. Bernie continuing to fight the party is only damaging it. We need to get united to prevent Trump from taking the White House. Bernie can continue his crusade to reform the party after the election.	negative	
>You can't label someone as corrupt because of an emotion you have.Seriously, I've seen them try to say that raising money for down ticket candidates is 'corruption' or 'buying endorsements'. Bernie just put out an ad saying that 'bundling' is bribery. Anytime they bring up Lobbyists I'm reminded of [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_nTpsv9PNqo). 	negative	
I am hopeful that Bernie supporters and Hillary supporters may consider expressing their support (to the Clinton campaign) for a Sanders cabinet position. He could probably do more to make free college a reality as Secretary of Education (as an example to be honest. 	positive	bh
I follow all democratic candidates and Hillary isn't my first choice but I like her all the same. For me she is neck and neck with Sanders on issues. Sanders is a little better when it comes to ideals but I believe Hillary is more realistic in what can be done at this point. But honestly as someone who follows both of the top candodates I'd say they have been presenting information on issues around the same time. They are without a doubt looking at each other, and in a way responding directly .    I'd suggest following both of then on Facebook simultaneously to see what I'm saying. Once one of them says one thing, the other doubles down on their position like clockwork. 	positive	hillary	
this pretty much describes the reasons I stopped supporting him. He is incorruptible, and a good social leader... but on policy and working with other likeminded candidates he's not very good. His fandom can't criticize him and dismisses all criticism of him as "shills for Clinton or the corrupt system" or they just "don't understand".	negative	
they will smear him for nothing in the taxes and pretend it's something. it's what HRC's paid hatchet people do	negative	hillary	
This sub seems so much more sane and reasonable than any other candidate's I've seen.   Sanders is full of piss and vinegar, and Trump is literally insane /b/ trolls.	negative	bt
Same thing happened last debate. She tried to act like they were clapping for her. I have never seen anything so cringeworthy.	negative	hillary	
I was pretty busy during the debate (will be playing it on my way to work) so I really was not able to pick up on many of the nuances, although it seemed as if Bernie had a very strong performance, which I am impressed with.  He clearly got some advice on how to better corner Clinton on certain issues and make her stumble or come out for the program/initiative.	positive	
The same reason he thinks the payroll tax won't fall to employees. Because companies will accept a tax and totally not pass it on.	negative	
Just listening to the video now. TYT has literally gone nuts this cycle. Anyone that doesn't agree with Bernie 100% is bought and paid for by Hillary. At this point I wouldn't be surprised for them to vote for Trump after the convention.	negative	
I'm 25 minutes in and I think Hillary does a great job at giving detail, especially to Americas political history and how they were handled. I feel though as she is giving us the historical information regarding where the issue stemmed from and what she thinks could have been done to stop it. They have gone over 3-5 topics in some way so far but haven't addressed her plans and policies. It's good to know that someone has knowledge on the issue but I think all candidates need to do a better job on giving the solutions. There's much more to go but that's my thoughts so far.	positive	hillary	
He did the same thing with Sandy Hook a few debates ago. He was right about not suing gun manufacturers but he paid for it politically. You have to admire the guy for being principled. 	positive	
My mum said the same thing last night. She doesn't really follow politics like I do and she sat down to watch the debate and after one of Clintons answers on Israel I think she just went 'she talked for 2 minutes but didn't really say anything' 	negative	
He was much better as an advocacy candidate, rather than an actual possibility for president.	positive	bernie	
Government that is smaller or larger than it should be in order to produce the outcomes that we want from it is failiure by inefficiency.  Hillary is starting to make me reconsider who has my vote.	negative	hillary	
I'm a Sanders supporter and have mixed views on Krugman right now.On the one hand, he makes good points in that some of sanders' ideas are fairly populist with the exact policy details being pretty ill formed. Breaking up the big banks, and his dubious funding policies for healthcare and education that focus more on sticking it to the rich than actually funding stuff is a problem.There definitely are weaknesses to Sanders' policies at times and they deserve criticism.However, I also feel like Krugman has gone all in this election in shilling for Hillary, and I have a strong dislike for Krugman right now and the whole Hillary camp in general. They seem insistent on defining the political debate, painting Sanders as an unrealistic radical, and acting like they have a monopoly on facts.We have serious problems in this country and we need significant improvement of our system. The democrats fail to adequately address the issues, and Sanders is the only guy who will even try. He's the only one who hits the right notes on defining the problems and is the only one willing to take adequate action to fix them. Incremental action isn't enough. This debate is defined by "pragmatic" incrementalism and real change, even if the policies are not perfect. I don't think Sanders has perfect ideas and I think he does rely on populism too much to push them. I'd like to see a politician who has Sanders esque policies but with a more sound intellectual basis. The thing is I don't like what Hillary is selling and think Krugman is starting to sound like a shill for her. So I'm not really thrilled with Krugman right now, even if some of his points are good. Because there's a very real conflation this election in debating the direction of this country and the democratic party that confuses sanders' policy weaknesses with the idea that what Sanders stands for is, in and of itself, unrealistic, and that we shouldn't bother pursuing it and we should just settle for what the democratic party is selling even if its not helping us either.We need real change,but I admit, change does need to be thought out, and if Sanders is elected I hope his policies are fleshed out a bit more in implementation.	positive	
Is that really true? Look at what Obama is facing right now complete stonewall obstructionism from the GOP and I doubt Hillary knows how to navigate Congress better then him after 7 years in office, he cannot even get a SCOTUS through, I like Hillary but I think either Democrat is going to have a hard time getting anything through a Republican House and perhaps Senate.	positive	hillary	
Welcome aboard, we have a long fight ahead of us.	positive	
Oh my god thank god.  My senator is the man.  Hes been on the right side of so many issues and i was upset he hadn't endorsed bernie yet...  But here we go! Now if only our governor would withdraw her endorsement of hillaryEdit: Holy shit and hes the first not bernie senator endorsement too? Hes getting a goddamn donation and a thank you tomorrow. 	positive	
I'm not a fan of Clinton or Sanders, but he is out of his league when it comes to their intelligence and knowledge of public policy.	positive	hillary	
I really liked the bit on quarterly capitalism. It's been a focus of a lot of Clinton's plans, and we really need to find a way to reward "patient capital." 	positive	hillary	
Bernie seems to think opening a book on what an investment bank does would *itself* irreversibly corrupt him. He doesn't seem to know what financial institutions do - just that he hates them and every ill in America and the world traces back to them. 	negative	bernie	
Yeah, with all of my problems with Sec. Clinton this election season, it's amazing how much better the Democratic side is. 	positive	
Scary that MSM and her supporters are saying she won the debate. Oh yeah.. msm is her supporters. 	negative	hillary	
Trump's speech rate is 1.5 million dollars.  He might try to call for a transcript release, but he can't actually attack her on how much money she made for the speeches.	negative	t
Man you Clinton people are *hugely* misreading the mood of the Democratic primary. Bernie Sanders is running about 45% nationally. 45 out of 100 Democrats prefer him to Hillary Clinton. All of this nastiness attacking Bernie Sanders is really going to turn them off, and the gamesmanship that denies them seats at the convention is going to discourage all those young people from participating in the political process, because they will feel like they cannot make a difference against the machineSeriously. Hillary is a wonderful candidate. But I've never seen another front runner go so negative against the opposition before, and I've never seen their supporters so vitriolic against the opposition candidate.	negative	
Sanders supporter here:1. While I take displays of emotion with a grain of salt, when it comes to politicians, Secretary Clinton looked genuinely angry when she was talking about the effects of gun violence. I appreciate that. Which leads me to #2.2. Even though I absolutely understand Sander's defense of his vote concerning gun law and do not appreciate the attempts to tie him to the NRA, I still like Clinton's stance on gun law more. My views on guns also do not align with the constitution, so take that as you will.	positive	
I second this. Not only did she come off as patient, but she also appeared to be amused, without looking like she was smug or exasperated. 	positive	
Paul Krugman is in the unusual position of being a left-wing political commentator with a national and international readership who also holds a Nobel Prize in economics. His comments are pretty powerful considering that he has consistently attacked the Democrats for not being progressive enough. If he has no faith in Bernie Sanders' understanding of economic policy then that's a pretty good sign that moderate Democrats won't find much to like in a Sanders nomination.Of course this won't matter at all to Bernie Sanders' supporters. Their attitude seems to be that breaking up the banks has a totemic importance that's far in excess of any actual fiscal, monetary or policy benefits created by new Wall St. regulations. There's very little evidence that the progressive wing of the party is undertaking a big effort to inform itself about financial markets.	negative	
And just as Bernanke is about to explain the reason why they don't disclose what banks got access to funds from the Fed, Bernie cuts him off. Seems like he doesn't want answers or an actual discussion, he just wants to lecture the *evil* Mr. chairman and feel all superior. "I didn't vote to authorize TARP" he says, righteously: what does that have to do with anything? 	negative	
I think he's spot on about the breaking up the banks canard.  Also, the claims that Glass Steagal was the cause of the financial crisis are complete malarky.  	negative	
> like she practiced how to angle her body before the debate to show Holy fuck yes I thought I was crazy. She was just standing so unnatural with very robotic and forced arm movements when she tried to put emphasis on certain things. Everything about her is fake	negative	hillary	
>  Bernie is in this for BernieWhile he lost my support over a month ago, I'd say he's more in it for the American people (or at least that's how I believe he's rationalizing this)	positive	
Loved her comments on technical training as a means of mitigating the loss of manufacturing jobs, re-training is a great way to increase employment flexibility and help rescue those hurt by jobs moving overseas.As always, extremely nuanced and well researched positions on everything brought up in the interview. I thought her contextualization for the 1994 Crime Bill was adequate for addressing the drawbacks (but I'm also fitting it into more that I've read on the subject, not just this interview).As a moderate Dem (and thus, de facto Clinton supporter), I loved everything she had to say [but that's also because she didn't talk about the death penalty or drug law].	positive	hillary	
Go read up? I was on the Obama campaign team. When Hillary was the front runner, she treated Obama nicely. Then she started to slip and went at him hard.And then Obama started to pull back the attacks as well.For a candidate who has consistently been in the lead nationally, Hillary has gone historically negative, only next to Trump.	negative	
>BernieBros actually believe this.Look, the fact that he wasn't giving a discourse on all the different ways this works shows he's not the expert we thought he was on these things. If you can't see this you need to get out of your echochmabers and hugboxes for a minute.	negative	bernie	
He's got nothing left to do but throw every hail mary he can; so why the hell not make it public, I guess.I don't think it will change a thing. It makes sense at this point for the party to coalesce or it'll fall behind.	negative	
There's fighting for a nomination and trying to dismantle the DNC for supporting the person who has won the primary, citing a conspiracy. It's always a conspiracy to him.	negative	
I thought her answer on Honduras was nuanced and in depth.  THere are people who say that Clinton and Obama supported a coup in Honduras, but the situation is never simple.  The world is complex and can't always be boiled down to simple questions that can be answered by sound bites.	positive	hillary	
Sanders supporter here: I liked Clinton's stance on the minimum wage more than Sanders'.  The minimum wage should go up, but I do think $15 federally would hurt employment in rural areas where money goes further and $12 is livable.	positive	
If the problem is that it's so complex, why couldn't Bernie say that? Instead he said he didn't know if he had the authority or who has the authority and hasn't looked into legal ramifications. That's totally different. Bringing up equal pay is just a deflection to move the goalposts.	negative	bernie	
As Hillary said today, "We believe in the goodness of our people, and the greatness of our nation.", S4P, we're for you too. This is *OUR* party, we're both just trying to do what's best for America... getting someone who is right for America in office and preventing someone who is wrong for America from doing the opposite.  Edit: If you're looking for a great introduction to the future of America, look no further than her speech [from today](http://www.c-span.org/video/?408722-1/hillary-clinton-primary-night-speech).	positive	h
This was my favorite part of the debate.  Just hearing two politicians on a national stage battling over the path to sustainable energy was a big deal, IMO.As someone who has been passionately on the front lines of environmentalism my whole life, I think Hillary had the more coherent proposal for a path to a sustainable energy economy.  She spelled out what unbiased experts have been advocating for for a while: Using natural gas to transition to renewables.  It's honestly the plan that is most likely to actually work.Sanders parroted the "Fracking Bad" attitude that has been popular among young environmentalists, but he failed to articulate a real path to sustainability like she did.  This was just another example, to me, of how Bernie seems to be superficially educated about issues.  He can parrot the talking points of his camp, but he can't defend them very well.  Which is sad, because there is a *lot* of stuff about the fracking industry that needs to be addressed.My issue with the hardline stance against fracking is that in order for us to see any real change in our political environment, we *have* to bring the energy sector to the table.  Fracking can be done a *lot* more responsibly than it is now.  I think the best path to sustainables is to exploit our natural gas reserves as safely as we can while developing our solar, wind, geothermal, etc. infrastructure.	positive	
tfw when Hillary passed the same amount of bills Bernie did in just two terms in congress LMAO	positive	hillary	
I just don't get it. I can't get past her insincerity. I wouldn't say I read people particularly well, but it's just so god damn obvious. I have to accept that the majority of her supporters have never seen or heard a word she has said. 	negative	hillary	
> And ofcourse, the typical politician fist instead of pointingThey actually call that the "Clinton thumb"	negative	hillary	
Oh man, Ben's face during that video.  You could tell he just wanted to go off on Bernie but he couldn't for obvious reasons.  Every time Bernie cut him off after half a sentence you could see part of Ben's soul being ripped from his body.	negative	
From our family room too, my husband was "go Bernie! He'll win, this is it" and I was raising my arms to the air "yes! this is why I phonebank for you!" it reminded me of his "can be" speech, and I was especially glad he expertly worded the money in politics issue. New Yorkers have been awesome on the phone, quick, curious, conversational, interested, wish there were more days to call ny before Tuesday. Let's do this people.	positive	bernie	
Sanders definitely won this exchange. He even made me think Clinton was flip-flopping when she didn't ever do any such thing.It's definitely a different tactic to attack a person for not supporting something they support. It seems to be working.	positive	
this man gets me in tears and i'm not even from the US. we got most of what he is speaking already here in Germany, but it's still exciting how much passion he puts in to get you guys back on track. 	positive	bernie	
I am sure he knows now.  It's just sad he didn't already know for the interview.  I wonder who told him how to do it.  Maybe they should be running for President.	negative	bernie	
I will give it to Sanders, it does seem shady to completely shut all of his nominees out of the rules committee.but it's a weird issue to make hay over in public, considering the arcane intricacies of the national convention are something that 90% of voters don't know and don't care about.	negative	
This is an essential point. Much of Bernie's agenda would not be implemented, and in some cases probably could not be implemented exactly as outlined today. But the important thing about a Presidential candidate and campaign is to set the big picture agenda and to set goals towards which we would work.For example, Obama ran on a platform of health care reform. He didn't have the ACA developed and written before he was elected--it took policy experts, staff, Congress, and (unfortunately) for-profit interests to draft a policy and law that could be implemented. Similarly, if you look at Hillary's health care platform, it is a set of vague principles and proposed directions. That's not a criticism: that's what a Presidential platform is for, and Bernie is no different.	positive	
Welcome. We'll all be cranky about this primary for a while, so I hope you don't get too offput if we're still a little annoyed. I'm sure some comments here might still rub you the wrong way. But we're mostly a decent bunch who are just really, really enthusiastic about HRC.   But I look forward to hoping we all can move together as one team in the coming months. 	positive	h
Night and day difference.Here's the best quote I could find:>See, I really believe, Arthur, now this may be betraying my level of enthusiasm and confidence about what we can do, but I really believe that if you tell Americans what you're trying to do, and you tell them again, and you bring them along, and you demonstrate that we can actually do things together again, you can rebuild what has been a real collapse in confidence in our economy, our government and our political system, because really if you get beyond the specifics, what we're dealing with is a turning away from a belief that anything, anywhere is gonna help people.	positive	hillary	
Totally agree with this. He's been making same speech since 1970s and he's proud of it. Almost nobody would agree the issues America faces today are the same as issues we faced in 1970. Everything looks like a nail. 	negative	
Hey, been over here for a week - it's a lot more civil here, welcome. ;>	positive	
If she carries NY, she'll probably shut down any more Democratic debates: it just looked bad for her.	negative	hillary	
Makes you wonder if Sander's advisers even bothered to try to get him prepared for the interview?	negative	bernie	
> Finally, the current brouhaha over who's "qualified to be president" was arguably started by Hillary Clinton. Personally, I think neither she nor Bernie should be calling the other unqualified, but to blame Bernie for this exchange is simply incorrect.On top of this point 6, Bernie called Hillary unqualified within the context of the very thing Krugman says he ought to be allowed to do. To quote Krugman - *"It’s one thing for the Sanders campaign to point to Hillary Clinton’s Wall Street connections, which are real, although the question should be whether they have distorted her positions, a case the campaign has never even tried to make. "* That's exactly what Bernie did. 	negative	
The thing that annoys me is how she takes credit for obamas successes as she was a cabinet member but she supposedly had nothing to do with his drawbacks	negative	
I agree that too big a risk is the correct answer instead of a fixed number, but if you can't specify the factors then the answer is a dodge.	negative	bernie	
Who does this guy think he is? Spends his entire career talking trash about burn parties then jumps on one for the free publicity and expects them to cave into everyone of his demands? He doesn't care if he splits the vote anymore. This so called "revolution" is just about him	negative	
The funniest part was Freidman *still* wouldn't vote Sanders. 	negative	
Meanwhile Bernie had that "WTF" face whenever Hilary made a terrible argument  	negative	hillary	
Hopefully Bernie gets, you know, his own endorsement :D	positive	
I share a Bernie something or other post almost daily. One of my friends commented that she keeps hearing about this guy Bernie and is thinking about registering to vote and wants to check him out more (yes!). My Aunt is also very on the fence and I've been seeing her initial opinion start to turn toward considering Bernie :). Point being, keep talking, discussing, and not just liking, but sharing those posts! Donate to his campaign because Bernie is owned by the people who he represents!	positive	bernie	
Super pathetic, but look in comments on her supporters "She knocked it out of the park". Scary world we live in.	negative	hillary	
I have no doubt that he knows, *now*.  He just didn't know two days ago.  Clinton is right, he didn't do his homework.  Sure, he can turn it in, now, but he's getting points deducted.	negative	bernie	
As I've said before, I appreciate his real arguments. There are some in here. But it really does come with a large dose of condescension and, apparently, frustration that people like me dare to speak up. I was going to quote large parts of this article, but I realized that this portion of his post the other day works better:> The Sanders campaign has come much further than almost anyone expected, to the point where Sanders can have a lot of influence on the shape of the race. But with influence comes responsibility, and it’s time to lay out some guidelines for good and bad behavior.[...]> For Sanders campaign staff, and also for anyone who has been backing his insurgency, it’s been one heck of a ride, and they would understandably like it to go on as long as possible. But we’ve now reached the point where what’s fun for the campaign isn’t at all the same as what’s good for America.>Sanders doesn’t need to drop out, but he needs to start acting responsibly. "Guidelines for good and bad behavior"? "What's fun for the campaign isn't good for America"? "Start acting responsibly"? It's incredibly condescending, and it all translates pretty well to "sit down and be quiet". Ironically it might not be good for America that Krugman is posting such incendiary pieces -- one might even say it's irresponsible.	positive	
The question comes down to something he was asked on NPR: what's more important, having a Democrat as president, or having Bernie Sanders as president? I suspect deep down, the two candidates have different answers for this. As much as Hillary wants to be president, she understands that having a democrat in the office is more important. Sanders seems to think he's the only one who can do the job. 	negative	
Sanders not pandering to Israel.  Especially right before the New York primary.  Whether you agree with him or not, it was courageous.	positive	
Great word choice! :) If nothing else, Sanders has inspired many young people to become involved in the political process. I know I'll be voting each midterm from now on.	positive	
That's definitely the group he is trying to appeal to.  I just don't see how being inexperienced is actually an asset in achieving it.Being Secretary of State definitely helps with the foreign policy, but as  a Senator, Sanders has been on many committees, passed tons of amendments, and voted on many bills.  He should at least have the knowledge and experience in those areas to be able to articulate how he will achieve the change he wants.  Otherwise it's like the person who claims they are going to go out and get a job, but ends up spending all day on the internet complaining about the job market instead.	positive	bernie	
The interview could have been a week before his and she still would have nailed it.  It's just what she does.  You may disagree with her answers, but it's hard to dispute her preparedness. 	positive	hillary	
Bernie knows...A snake-oil salesman always knows he's selling a lie.	negative	bernie	
Would love to be wrong!	negative	
That pro-Palestinian thing was an act of real courage, you rarely hear American politicians do that, and to my mind its very welcome. You other may disagree with the stance, but it shows real principle.On Hillary's side, she's always very strong on foreign policy, and she showed her expertise well. Her defense of NATO, while it may appear weak (I doubt the whole, "I want them to pay more, but don't have anyway to get them to pay answer probably won't win over any voters") but its still to my mind is definitively the correct answer. It would be nice if they paid more but NATO is one of the most powerful and successful military alliances in history. We can't just walk away from it.	positive	
For every dollar I give Sanders, I give 50 cents to a Berniecrat.	positive	
Hillary looks like she wants to strangle someone at the end	negative	hillary	
Clinton made some great talking points in the debate. Her best one was probably in regards to banking and splitting up the banks. Bernie didn't have a good answer for it. I loved Sanders comment about Supreme Court Justice. Clinton just lost any remaining respect I had for her on this issue. First the moderators ask her if she supports the Obama nomination and just to look like a Obama supporter she says yes. Question goes to Sanders and he says no because the person being nominated has never said whether or not he supports citizens united. Crowd starts cheering for the answer and you immediately hear Clinton try to go in and agree with this view point (pro choice, lgbt, etc) and add extra comments. So does this mean she supports the nomination or no? Her flip flop on issues is insane and thats where voters feel uneasy about voting for her. 	negative	
Dear, please go back to Mr. Trump' s sub.  Thank you.	negative	t
Thank you, and welcome! Glad you have the clarity of mind to realize how destructive "Bernie or bust" has the potential to be.	negative	b
As a Sanders supporter, I am alright with a lot of what Secretary Clinton says, and that hasn't changed here. She is a great speaker and a good politician. However, her Israel policy hasn't changed,  and that's a deal breaker for me. And it leads me to feel like she will be more aggressive military wise than some alternatives. 	negative	hillaryAsk him why having a bunch of poorly capitalized small banks somehow leads to more financial stability than having a few big banks. Did our network of small banks help us in the 30's? Did Canada's big banks hurt them in the 00's?Forget HOW, he doesn't even have a good answer for WHY.	negative	bernie	
>Well that is a negotiating chip, for sure, but it doesn't have to be usedThat's the difference I think between Clinton and Trump. Clinton would take that chip off the table. Trump would not. 	negative	
Sanders sounded way more comfortable discussing foreign policy than usual, though it probably helped that apparently "foreign policy" now means "Israel-Palestine".  And I liked him hammering her on a carbon tax - probably the only part of Sanders platform that I really think is good.  My view of him improved a fair amount after this debate.	positive	
> but she recognizes that everyone doesn't need to go to college, but does need some type of training to be successful today. That's something I agree with completely. 	positive	hillary	
I *did* vote for Bernie, back on March 1st. After the last month, I wish I hadn't. He said he would campaign on the issues, but it now seems he is more focused on attacking Clinton's legitimacy, stoking the fire of conspiracy theories. This isn't what I voted for, and I feel he has abused my good faith.	negative	
I think this goes beyond inexperience/experience.  Sanders has been in congress for decades and a politician for longer than that.  He is experienced, or at least has had the opportunity to become experienced.This is more a pragmatic/not pragmatic divide.  Clinton is intensely pragmatic.  She sees what she wants done and she studies the hell out of the problems history and details a plan to deal with it including every kind of factor you can think of.   Sanders is not pragmatic.  He sees a problem and he protests it.  He passes judgement on other people's plans for fixing the problem, but doesn't work out the details of his own plans.  And that's why he came off so terrible.I just don't see how Sanders has the potential for significant change if he can't even articulate a path to achieving the change he wants.	negative	bernie	
He's really entering "Old Man Yells at Cloud" levels.  He's not winning, he's not tied, why does he want things to be split equally?	negative	
Oooh no it isn't. I recognize that face she made, it is the one my Grandmother makes when she is about five seconds away from telling everybody in the room to be quiet. Hillary *was* annoyed at the very least, bordering on angry, and I **really** wish the crowd had kept going. That was a couple seconds away from a potentially, extremely powerful moment.	negative	hillary	
Well, it's not like they go to her's.	negative	hillary	
He has vastly overestimated his political power. While 43% of the Democratic voters voted for him a good majority of them still like and will support Clinton and want nothing more to do with this kind of scorched earth extremism. It seems as if there was a negotiation at some point where Bernie Sanders asked for the moon, the DNC and Hillary told him that wasn't going to happen, and he responded by saying that he was going to then make life hell for them. The problem is that what he asked for in concessions, probably making the convention a Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton co-convention hurts the Democrats more than letting him pitch his temper tantrum. Really giving him anything was a sign of good faith and magnanimity. There's no harm in giving him a nice speaking slot, a night to highlight progressive issues, maybe let one of his progressive candidates for Congress make a speech. But that's all he's getting and each day that he continues on and each desperate and silly attack he makes on Clinton just weakens his credibility more, diminishes his political power more, and makes him even more toxic as a convention speaker. 	negative	
I agree. I was particularly impressed by the way she described her thought process in approaching infrastructure spending. She seems like the kind of person who I like working with in my professional life. She identifies a problem, figures out what success looks like, puts all options on the table on how to achieve it, and takes it step by step. > I think you've got to say, "Hey, what are the goals we're setting? What are the steps we take?" It sounds boring but this is the kind of strategic analysis and presentation I believe in, and, "How are we going to accomplish it?" And then you look at that map and you say, "Where do I need to get the support? Where do I go to make the case?"> So I think we can do that, and particularly if we can get the mechanism for the National Infrastructure Bank. Because if all we do is rely on Congress, then we are going to be at their mercy every five to seven to eight years. Whereas if we say, yeah, Congress still has the primary role... It passed finally $275 billion program, but we want to have an ongoing, revolving fund. We need to look at how we can once again use municipal bonding authority. How can we use more state bonding authority? We used for a little period of time, and I like the idea of federal bonds that can be used for infrastructure, as long as you have a revenue stream.	positive	hillary	
Thank you for your graciousness. We're all in this together to keep the GOP thugs out of the White House!	positive	
I'm most definitely not a Sanders supporter, but I must admit that he's done much better than I expected.  	positive	
Chants and cheers of a dream!Scotland loves you, Bernie!	positive	bernie	
No It wont hurt Bernies support. Bernie, like Trump, could walk down 5th ave naked gunning down nuns and he wouldn't lose support. 	positive	
I don't know why some people don't get this. Basically every interview that the candidates give are like job interviews, and they need to prepare for all possibilities. The fact that Clinton actually sounds more prepared might have something to do with the fact that she's incredibly qualified and less to do with them being hard on Sanders or whatever. 	positive	hillary	
>Clinton found a good line that easily explains why voters should choose herYeah. She should really use that to frame future debates, perhaps from the opening statement.	positive	
Sanders supporter here.I am always impressed with Clinton's grasp of and ability to understand policy nuance and get into the details of everything. Unfortunately, I think this keeps her bogged down sometimes, but, at the same time, I think it is one of the reasons that she is so pragmatic and has fairly reasonable goals.Edit: I wanted to add that when Clinton is considering the details and ramifications of different policies, it often appears that she is trying to waffle and pander to every voter bloc at once. I don't think she is intentionally pandering to everyone at once, but, rather, is aware that giving a definite "yes" or "no" answer is very difficult.Edit #2: I think this is a good example of her getting caught up in details that, while very important, can take away from the bigger picture. [This is from the debate last night while the candidates were discussing health care and education.](https://youtu.be/KunPfHnefiw?t=1h39m41s) First, this is a topic that Clinton knows a lot about and has worked with healthcare for a long time. At the same time though, Sanders has a big bold message that people gravitate towards. Second, the moderators have to start cutting her off when she starts discussing the costs and specific analyses of universal healthcare. She even calls it the fine print of Sander's plan. You can see Sander's response is quick, broad, and very appealing.	positive	
You realize every debate so far it has been Hillary going over time and getting off topic ?	negative	h
I'm glad Hillary brought up the lack of questions about women's reproductive rights. While we can all pretty much guess where they'll both stand, it's a major issue in the US and should be addressed at some point.I will say I was disappointed that no one brought up LGBT issues. Again, the answers are probably predictable, but given the flak Hillary's taken for changing her stance on the marriage issue, it would have been good to give her a chance to engage that topic.	positive	
Just look at his campaign. I used to believe that he was an OK guy too. This campaign has completely banished that idea from me. He consistently takes steps that personally benefit himself at the expense of ensuring we have a Democratic President, which is always my first concern from elections. 	negative	
Let's dispel this notion that Bernie Sanders knows what he's doing. He doesn't have a clue what he's doing.	negative	bernie	
> I doubt too many of Sanders' supporters read the new york times anyway.I don't know if they read it, but they sure do like to leave angry comments.	negative	
If Sanders wanted to be well represented on the various committees then he shouldn't have spent the last month talking about "contesting" the convention. Clinton can easily deal with Sanders staying in the race until June 7th but she can't let Trump have a multi-day infomercial and then follow it up with the Bernie Sanders Yells At Clouds show and still fare well. Sanders is finding out that the time to compromise was after the Acela Primaries. If he wanted influence he had the chips to get it. He's losing bargaining chips by the day by staying in. 	negative	
The liberal portion of this country needs to show support for Sanders if they want a truly progressive candidate. Even diehard liberals like Bill Maher, just Friday on his site, are still writing out Sanders in favor of Hillary. Donate, voice your opinion to peers, do whatever is needed. I'm someone who makes enough money that playing statistics I should be a republican, but we need a president like Sanders if we want to bring the US forward without waiting another 20 years for it to happen. History proves prices cannot be stopped, but it can easily be slowed. There are enough millenials who can vote now, we should still waiting for the world we want and make it happen instead. 	positive	bernie	
> As a Hillary supporter, it would be harder and harder for me to actually support Bernie if he were somehow the nominee after the shit he's pulled trying to divide the DNC. You're forgetting Trump. Trump blows away any seeming differences. But if he was running against someone like McCain? They would be getting close to swapping places in my candidate ordering.  	negative	
I actually find it funny that a ton of the people in the middle are for Clinton. But the outsides are for Bernie. This is a perfect analogy for the race. They didn't really show the crowd, it sure sounded to be very pro Bernie. 	positive	bernie	
I was poised to vote for Hillary originally anyway. She was't the candidate I wanted, exactly, but I was't dreading voting for her. I never got on the HIllary hate bandwagon. Then Sanders came along and I couldn't come up with a good reason NOT to vote for him. So I went with Sanders. Went to a few of his rallys, phone banked, canvassed, voted... did my part.   But he's not gonna win. Such is life. My guy isn't the guy the country picked. Life goes on, America goes on... hopefully without Trump leading it.	positive	bh
This is what people in America don't get. Because he is a socialist they think he will focus on handouts but of all the candidates he id focussed on increasing employment than anyone else that's running the race.He wants to do this by:1) Bringing jobs back to the United States2) Investing in infrastructure and hiring Americans to do so.This is so crucial. Socialism does not mean more handouts. It means more jobs but in any event that you can't get a job the government has your back. This IS socialism.	positive	
I'm beginning to think about "Hillary gets the last word" is an actual demand that her campaign makes in debate negotiations. It's like every point in every debate that she gets to speak to last. Every opening statement, every closing statement. She always gets the last word.And let's not even get into the vast disparity between speaking times before being interrupted.	negative	hillary	
That chant at the end was amazing! Wow! It was a full house of Bernie supporters. 	positive	bernie	
Even those who disagree with her on political philosophy have to acknowledge that she knows her sh-t, clearly evident from this interview.	positive	hillary	
This is my number one reason for disliking Sanders. His ethical purity was interesting at first but slowly as he began taking policy stances and regurgitating the same talking points while never ever going into specifics really bothered me. When left leaning economists modeled his plans even using absurd projections like you noted >4% growth rate they didnt make any sense at all. I understand he doesnt have a policy making apparatus yet as a candidate but his response to the questions, and his supporters response as well, was striking and bordering on cultish. Any question on his policy was tantanmount to an assault on Bernie and they were obviously shills for corporations or corrupt amoral people.Aside from that tone being disgusting, why would anyone vote for someone on an ideal alone? Policy matters. Consensus matters.Even if he was able to win the nom, he hasn't helped a single progressive (by his definition) down ballot? How will he get anything done, even with the own party he usurped? Doesnt make any sense. I started realizing that he operated as a protest candidate so long that he didnt think he would get this far. Only now that he thinks he has a chance is he turning negative, while still not being specific about anything.  	negative	
Centrist republicans with a reasonable penchant for honesty may warn up to Bernie as well. Guessing there's noticeable support from that end of the spectrum	positive	bernie	
> He's got himself a footrace for name ID.All people have to do is hear him.  It's going to be very difficult for people who identify with liberal ideology not to get really wrapped up in what he's pushing for.    That's part of the big problem with the infuriating reduction in the democratic debates from 20 in 2008 to 6 (!!!) this year.  If Sanders was able to debate Clinton a mere 12 or so times during the primary season, it would be very difficult for voters to ignore.  The guy is what democrats think of when they draw the perfect candidate.  	positive	bernie	
Welcome to the freight train. Trump won't know what hit him.	negative	t
shes just pandering	negative	hillary	
That may be her most known on Reddit and this subreddit, but it's not in general. Her work for the Children's Defense Fund is well respected.	positive	
I think people are more upset because she did an interview in the 80s in which *she* brought up this case as an example of her work as a lawyer, she *very* strongly implied that she knew the guy was guilty, and she laughed about the tactics she used.  I honestly didn't know what to feel about this until I heard the interview myself because, like you, I thought, *Well, that was her job*.  It's the fact that *she* brought up this example without any goading and she bragged about it that disgusted me.   	negative	
Thanks to you and the whole Sanders squad for a great campaign! Now let's replace RBG with someone young and awesome.	positive	b
Is it though? The support for Bernie in Oregon is massive, and as mentioned elsewhere in the thread, this will set him up well for re-election.  Even if his intent is genuine, he's still backing a wildly popular candidate in his region, so brave isn't quite the word I'd use. But either way, good for him! 	positive	
Bernie's performance tonight, combined with the impassioned crowd, is exactly why Hillary didn't want more debates. 	negative	hillary	
Can you imagine that debate with a serious moderator who demands real policy and fact based answers. I'm imagine that said moderator has a switch to kill the candidates microphones if they got off topic.	negative	
Krugman is an economist, and like most economists he is fed up with Sanders. There are many things I'm sure that he'd love to write an article about Sanders rhetoric that he finds offensively wrong and irresponsible. I'd bet that he has seen [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rCWXrMCGJT4) of Sanders displaying his extreme ignorance in an attack against Ben Bernanke, but a long critique of Sanders views on monetary policy is not likely to be very popular outside of economics students and majors.	negative	
I love that their excuse is going to be that she had time to prepare.Like it's ok that their guy was UNprepared to answer questions about the biggest issue of his campaign. 	negative	bernie	
Party discipline. There are losers in every primary. Sanders supporters are literally ignoring centuries of precedent by demanding their candidate should win.	negative	
Bernie's going to bury Hillary in Oregon with or without Merkley.	negative	
Good to hear it. Now, onward to victory!	positive	
I think Sanders is doing so well because millennials and many progressives want a repudiation of 90s left-wing neoliberalism.But the truth is Sanders is not a repudiation, he is a candidate that never accepted neoliberalism to begin with. In theory this could be great, but it's becoming increasingly clear, imo, that in practice he's a candidate straight out of the Cold War radical left with at most a superficial modern sheen over his positions.I don't think this will hurt him, I'm cynical enough that I think you can't change a person's narrative mid-race and Sander's narrative is already set as the millennial progressive champion. But I think it's going to take till next election cycle before we start seeing the true millennial revolution, which will happen when the generation which came in their own after the 90s gets on the ballot.	positive	
I appreciate what you are saying, however, if he had a chance to win that would be one thing. If he has to win 55% of the remaining vote which he will not do then he does have a responsibility to respect the parties nominee, otherwise he should have run as an independent. She won/is winning fair and square.	negative	
He makes charges of DNC conspiracy out of one side of his mouth, and then claims he's waging an 'issues-based' campaign out of the other. What to his supporters looks like honesty looks more like duplicity to me.	negative	
I'm not so sure. They've been prepping for Hillary since 2007, maybe even earlier. I think that the socialism card is only going to appeal to supporters that are already hard republican. It's going to take a lot more than that to convince moderates, especially when he welcomes it as an opportunity to teach. Anyways, it's incredibly unlikely that a Republican wins this election and Bernie is actually looking better than Hillary in some facets of winning the general already despite name recognition: https://revolutionaryds.wordpress.com/2015/05/02/can-bernie-sanders-win-the-2016-general-election/http://www.dailykos.com/story/2014/11/20/1346224/-GOP-Columnist-The-VERY-Bad-News-FOR-THE-GOP-in-the-GOP-s-Midterm-Victory	positive	bernie	
I'm supporting Bernie until he stops campaigning, but I'll be damned to hell before I let a GOP president call the shots. I wish Hillary was more progressive, but it's still an obvious choice for me between a D and an R.	positive	b
The presence of a moderator is going to make all the difference. Trump is a skilled orator. I'll give him that. But moderated debates are going to expose his weaknesses and show voters that he lacks depth, experience, and insight. It should be enough to sway the Bernie-or-Bust crowd. 	negative	t
Krugman has been testing into Sanders policy for months now. For anyone who follows him that ship sailed long ago	negative	
We're already there -- look at some of the bizarre paths to victory the Sanders crowd has been drawing.	negative	
It's the classic "change the system from the inside/outside" dichotomy.  Seeing how relatively radical Hillary Clinton was as a young person, you can conclude pretty easily that she concluded changing things from the inside is the better option.	positive	hillary	
> Has it brought out that streak in the candidate, too?Increasingly I'm beginning to question if that didn't always exist and he just hid it, or maybe even we chose not to look because he said otherwise.Look at how Barney Frank talks about him.I think Sanders gave up the pretense of being some great guy and decided to be who he is all along.	negative	
When she picked up her pen and started writing, I imagined her writing something like "I fucking hate this guy."	negative	hillary	
>“I think the secretary has confused a lot of people.”Sanders handled minimum wage well, with this being a very good line.  Clinton's nuanced delivery style often makes people feel like she's trying to bamboozle or schmooze something past them, so this is a subtle play on that feeling.>“It’s easy to diagnose the problem. It’s harder to do something about the problem.”Clinton found a good line that easily explains why voters should choose her over Sanders considering she runs into issues conveying complex ideas in easily digestible bites.	positive	
If leaving NATO is not an option for Trump either, then what leverage does he have to get NATO members to contribute more?	negative	
I'm a Sanders supporter and will be voting for him on Tuesday, but I'm also a fan of Hillary overall; just less enthusiastically so. What I appreciated about Hillary the most during this debate was her patient demeanor even when the pro-Bernie crowd in the audience was doing its thing and drowning her out. In those moments, she came across as the only grown-up in the room. 	positive	
I agree. Hillary's positions and plans are good as well. She has not done a good enough job explaining them. With Bernie focused on college tuition, he could get get the message out.	positive	bh
Man.. his passion just makes me tingle.  I wouldn't take a bullet for many, but if he get's into the white house, I would consider it if it meant protecting him and our future.  This man is everything that is right in the world of politics.	positive	bernie	
And why hasn't he done it all this time as a Senator?  If he become President, the first step to *any* plan to break up the banks is going to be legislative.	negative	bernie	
reading the foxnews comments on this it seems even the fox news readers are interesting in Bernie (and trump) because neither is establishment candidate.	positive	bernie	
I thought her closing statement sounded great, heartfelt and sincere. But yes, this sub is 80% Clinton supporters. 	positive	
Bernie was never in this for the Democratic Party, Bernie was never a Democrat.He thinks he can walk into the DNC change the rules, change the platform while having zero allegiance to the party and having zero relationships with the party. He's delusional.	negative	
Thank you. I've long admired Bernie and I continue to do so.  Let's work together.  	positive	b
I think it's hard for her when all Bernie does is sit in the backseat and criticize every foreign policy move ever as if he'd do a better job with zero experience. It's really easy to be Captain Hindsight.	negative	
Clinton supporter: **Israel**. I liked how he was willing to honestly criticize a US ally. Too often, great powers are blackmailed by erratic allies (NK-China, Pakistan-US), and being willing to draw a line around Netanyahu implies that maybe he's better at foreign policy than he lets on.	positive	
the look on his opponent's face says something along the lines of "that's nice, but my backers own the entire system and they'll get what they want, it's quaint that you little poor people think this way but it won't matter for me". That's my interpretation of her facial expression and demeanor while Bernie is getting deafening applause and chanting.I also don't trust any of these polls or election results that say "51/49". It's just the same vote rigging and fraud that has been used in elections since Gore  v. Bush - just ask a computer programmer for the electronic voting machines who testifies under oath before officials that he was ordered to write code that would flip the votes 51/49, ['*to make it look believable*'.] He says he did this in a way that would be untraceable, and he was ordered to provide this code for a previous election, and that it would then be used on the central tabulation machines (and in that way it wouldn't be necessary to access every voting machine - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eER3oha8q2U)I hope you guys don't delete this because it's factual and I'm worried that it needs to be said, related to the issue going to the supreme court (and being ignored when it got there), and it's speculation we may all need to deal with based on modern historical facts, not "a theory". Don't trust the polls. We already know we can't universally trust the parties and voter registry or polling officials, don't blindly trust anything else either. ESPECIALLY anything that says they are neck and neck, they obviously aren't based on all the other available facts. If they try this, they will get away with it unless people like you guys try to hold them to account legally.what HRC has is billionaire global finance-mafia backers, those people have in fact lied our entire civilization into numerous wars, they send funds/arms and training to literal violent muslim fundamentalists and head-chopper regimes like Saudi Arabia, and they've defrauded everyone in the stock markets to such an extent that we've almost seen a global financial collapse and half of the west is forced into living in "austerity". Let's not pretend they aren't capable of fraud, because observing the modern facts says they are; those types are HRC's biggest "donors".When the occupy wall street protests happened, they moved from soft-authoritarian to direct authoritarian and sent their police out to torture students with electrical current and noxious gasses. If the rich are willing to send cops to gas, beat, cage, and electrocute students at colleges, they are willing to be dishonest in elections, and I'm sure that billions worth of resources buys quite a lot of influence at polling organizations. No one wants to think we're in this position, but we are. The very rich people are in the position they are specifically because they're good at "pulling a fast one" on people. I get the distinct impression they're trying to do that now, especially with this "oh look how neck and neck the candidates are" "we swear". It's a scam/sham.	negative	hillary	
Of course she did. A reasonable person prepares for interviews.	positive	hillary	
A modified version of the opening of Season 1 of Battlestar Galactica:>The BernieBros Were Created by Bernie. They Rebelled against the DNC. >They Evolved. They Look and Feel Democratic. Some are programmed to >think they are Democrats. There are many copies. And they have a Plan.	negative	bernie	
What wedge has he driven? Trying to pass any legislation at all? Get real- [they planned to be obstructionist all the way back on the night of his inaugeration](http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/frontline/article/the-republicans-plan-for-the-new-president/)	negative	
they know.  they openly know.  they accept it as part of the deal.  Hillary supporters arent dumb.  I just want more- I dont want to accept that stuff as part of the deal.  I never really had that option before Bernie.	negative	hillary	
He was a little more coherent than he's ever been, but Hillary really demonstrated her expertise on the issue during this debate, I think.  At the same time, she also revealed her old-guard pro-Israel bias when the topic came up, and he walked all over her on that issue.Even still, I didn't see anything that contradicted the mainstream narrative that Hillary is stronger on foreign policy than Sanders overall.  She clearly has a nuanced and detailed understanding of global politics, and he's clearly a noob in that regard.	positive	
Unrelated and this will probably get buried, but thank you for this post. It feels like the first one in a while where both sides are talking positively and constructively rather than ripping each other to shreds. 	positive	
The interesting question here, of course, is how much do you think it matters that he all his policy ideas locked down pat before he even gets to the elections? Do you believe it is possible for a candidate who has the right political *inclinations* if you will, to actually do good work once he's in office, even if his campaign policy claims were wildly over-optimistic and pies in the skies?I know this thread is meant to discuss the economics of his proposals specifically. But the fandom that you speak of want him elected not because they believe those proposals are perfect or even realistic. It is that he will work towards the right goals, which I don't think can be said of Hillary, and almost certainly no one in the GOP.	positive	
Some of Hillary's wiring is off: this case mentioned, laughing about Khadafi, etc. Schadenfreude to the max?	negative	
Clinton supporter.I was impressed by Sanders' savvy political play in the minimum wage portion of the debate. He latched on to Clinton saying she supported the Fight For 15 in LA and New York, and put her on the defensive by speaking as though she said she supported a national $15/hr wage. While she did clarify later in the exchange that she was still in favor of a $12 national minimum, he'd already gotten the better of her and put her on the defensive. She's going to come out of that exchange looking inconsistent. Very smart political play.	positive	
> considering the arcane intricacies of the national convention are something that 90% of voters don't know and don't care about.Something that Sanders would like to change, I'm sure. It's harder to pull shady shit on the process level with the candidate shining a light into all the corners.It also shows that he's not an idiot or a pushover and he's not going to walk into a convention that's clearly stacked against him.Raising the issue now gives him time to really press the DNC pre-convention.	positive	
I think that's a false choice.  HRC is certainly able to bring significant change.  The fact that she's been in the public eye a long time does not negate that possibility.	positive	hillary	
> The difference is if you want someone who can do all of that but holds different views than you.If I could get someone with Sanders issue profile and Clinton's experience (or even better, halfway between their issue profiles) I'd have the ideal candidate.	positive	bernie	
I'd buy this.  Most people do absolutely no research on candidates at all, so Hillary would be the one they know about.  If they knew Bernie existed and read up on him a bit, I bet it'd all change.	positive	bernie	
Only if you assume Super Delegates won't vote with what the people vote and will stick to their original statements before the voting started. Bernie can still mathematically win the people's vote, unlike Cruz/Kasich, who in a Democrat Party system would essentially be counting on the Super Delegates to choose them over the one the people chose.	positive	
How is she being negative? Nasty campaigns against Sanders start with calling him a communist and devolve from there. She has been incredibly friendly towards him. If you want to see a negative campaign you only have to look over at the Republicans, don't tell me you really think the Dem primary holds a candle to the unbridled hostility we're seeing over there.	positive	
In that video he showed complete and total ignorance as to what the federal reserve is and does. For example he asked how Vermont farmers could take advantage of these cheap loans, when it is illegal for the federal reserve to make those kinds of loans. It wasn't just that Sanders was asking for bad policies, but that he was asking for nonsensical illegal policies.Sanders also bragged about voting against the bailout (and still does to this day), which undoubtedly saved our economy. He stood with the Republicans when he voted against the bailout and seemed to instead want austerity and a total market collapse. If this had happened we would likely still be in a depression today with unemployment rates in the 20's-30's.Sanders also talked about how he "wrote a letter" to Bernanke asking for information about what the Fed does. The Fed is an incredibly transparent organization and all of the information that he was asking for is and was publicly available. They explain who they give loans to, what the terms are, why they are giving the loans, and they even publish the exact transcripts of their meetings.These loans that Sanders was complaining about were almost all paid back in full and the US government actually made a profit from making these loans. Sanders goes on the complain that poor people cannot get low interest loans like these banks do. This shows a complete lack of understanding of what a loan is. The loans given out by the Fed were highly collateralized (meaning that if they were not paid back the Fed could take greater assets than the loan was worth from the recipients of the loans making it nearly impossible for the loans to not be paid back and thus minimizing risk for the Fed). A poor person generally does not have the collateral to get a collateralized loan (by definition of them being poor). Therefore the only way that a bank can insure that they make an overall profit on the net amount of loans given to poor people is to charge a higher interest rate with the expectation that there will be a certain percentage of these loans that will never be paid back. These types of loans have been shown to be extremely good for society as it gives poor people access to the capital necessary to start businesses, invest in themselves through property purchases, or to invest in themselves in education. These types of loans do need to be regulated due to the chance that fraud occurs (like we saw in 08) were small loan firms lie about the ability of poor people to pay back these loans.Sanders goes on to critique the Fed for not being able to foresee the financial collapse. The Fed is not a regulatory agency and can not/should not act as a regulatory oversight agency.	negative	
I listed to Sen. Sanders this morning on Morning Joe. His plan is to sponsor a bill that would skip FSOC and give the Treasury complete authority to break up banks. I can't remember the last time i heard such an authoritarian statement by someone running for President, not named Donald. 	negative	
She's trapped between a rock and a hard place when she stumps -- on the one hand, she knows the facts inside out better than anybody and really shines in that department. On the other hand, if she delves even remotely into the details everyone tunes out and she loses her audience. so she's stuck on that podium rattling off platitudes bored out of her mind. it's probably similar to asking an astrophysicist to ELI5 stars -- i'm surprised she hasn't developed some sort of drinking problem on the campaign trail. 	positive	hillary	
I don't really care what you believe. 	negative	
Bernie sticks to his talking points and not much else a lot more than most major presidential contenders. Heard on npr yesterday: he responds to Clinton seemingly claiming he isn't qualified. Cue his tu quoque that she isn't qualified because she takes money from superpacs (?). This guy is exceptionally limited in his messaging	positive	
I was fairly turned off after the first question. The 2000 recession after the dotcom bubble burst had very little to do with Federal government policy, and everything to do with a market correction (and probably a market OVER-correction) in response to one of the most transformative economic moments... well, maybe ever, but certainly in a generation.But instead of saying that, she goes out of her way to take a partisan jab at Bush 43.It's OK to admit that a robust economy will have moments of recession. Governments can cushion the blow, but telling your constituents that you can stop economic slowdowns lacks intellectual honesty. In a wonk-ish interview like this, I'd have preferred to see that.	negative	hillary	
To anyone outside of the state, don't worry about how his performance will be in Oregon. No matter what any poll says we will destroy Hillary here. Badly. I've seen a ton of people alongside myself canvassing and educating about Sanders. It's a very real possibility that he makes her unviable here, although don't count on it.	negative	
That was one of the best moments of the campaign so far. Almost as inspiring as his famous "can be" speech. Bring the win home for Bernie, New Yorkers.Phonebank, canvass, donate, and phonebank some more!	positive	bernie	
I mean, I can kind of understand if they asked "How would you respond to criticisms from the Sandy Hook victims?"That's still kind of loaded, but at least it is asking for a policy response.But their was question was literally "Will you apologize?" without asking for policy or context. Like 99.99% of politicians will just reflexively apologize because who would say "no" to parents of dead kids. Pros to Bernie standing firm.	positive	
There was another time in a debate when they were talking about the minimum wage, and Clinton brought up labor expert Alan Krueger's work in support. O'Malley said something like, "I don't think we should be listening to economists from Wall Street," to which she replied, "He's not Wall Street."And she was right. Krueger is a lifetime academic. So she didn't just know the conclusions of his work, she knew his background as well.	positive	hillary	
> Daily News: How do you stop too big to fail? What needs to happen?>Clinton: Well, I have been a strong supporter of Dodd-Frank because it is the most consequential financial reforms since the Great Depression. And I have said many times in debates and in other settings, there is authority in Dodd-Frank to break up banks that pose a grave threat to financial stability.>There are two approaches. There's Section 121, Section 165, and both of them can be used by regulators to either require a bank to sell off businesses, lines of businesses or assets, because of the finding that is made by two-thirds of the financial regulators that the institution poses a grave threat, or if the Fed and the FDIC conclude that the institutions' living will resolution is inadequate and is not going to get any better, there can also be requirements that they do so.Just in case Bernie is reading this thread, here's the answer to all of the 'I don't knows' you gave in your interview.	negative	bernie	
I was honestly impressed that Sanders stuck to his belief about Palestine, even if I (and likely many others) don't agree with him. Takes courage to take a politically unpopular opinion and defend it in a national debate.	positive	
I think it's been one of his campaign's more disingenuous attacks against Clinton when he calls her a hypocrite for fighting for (and getting) a $15 minimum wage in NYC, but not at the federal level.  If your worldview is so black-and-white that you can't even understand that there is a difference in cost of living between New York City and Texarkana, it casts more of a bad light on you than your opponent.	negative	
and then he turns around and criticizes clinton for doing the same thing with bush	negative	
I feel like the North East Liberal establishment of which Krugman is a part has had enough. (After the Daily news interview I have too).  Bernie's had his fun, now it's time to play his role. I am sure that makes blood spurt out of Sanders supporters' ears, but there is some truth to it.  As has been said ad absurdum barring some crazy development it will be hard for him to catch up at this point and he may start doing more damage to the  nominee than good. I don't know how much of an impact it has but I am sure that interview, plus opinion pieces like this will have some effect on some upper end New York liberal voters who may have gone Bernie but may now see the need to support Clinton. 	negative	
Just letting you know, even though I err towards Hillary I also like Sanders and wouldn't have minded voting for him in the general. In fact I think it's good for him to stay in the race even though he can't win; his supporters still deserve the chance to vote for him in the states left, and pulling Hillary to the left is only a good thing as far as I'm concerned.	positive	bh
Pretty sure Senator B. Sanders from Vermont endorsed him.	positive	
I think you hit the nail on the head-it does feel odd to cheer his losses.  I hope what Bernie is pushing for doesn't lose momentum and another candidate can come along and do better than Bernie and change within the system can start happening. No one was wrong to support Bernie and his message-clearly things need to be better- He just wasn't the guy this time around to make it happen. Fingers crossed for 2020. 	positive	b
They have been trying to take Hillary down for the past 20 years.  They can't even scratch that old battle axe.  Nothing they have has ever hurt her.  Fox wants nothing more than for the dems to rip themselves apart just like the republicans are currently doing.  They're going to back the underdog regardless.	positive	hillary	
Yeah he's not the brightest bulb in the box. That's one of the many reasons I volunteered with Hillary's primary campaign this year.	negative	
There has been a huge divide withing the Democratic party between the affluent young liberal voting block and the poorer less educated working class voting block since at least the 1960s. The internet is not the cause of this divide since it's been going on since long before that. The candidate representing the working class faction usually wins, because the liberal yuppy faction is much smaller. Obama is a rare exception to this because he appealed to working class minorities as well as affluent liberal yuppies. Sanders will have a very hard time repeating Obama's feat. 	negative	bernie	
Apparently s/he hasn't been paying much attention to the last 8 years.	negative	
and worse, why do we still have no more information about his plan to carry out that policy? I'm shocked that the Sanders campaign still hasn't managed to scrape together more details after it became clear that this interview was going to get a lot of negative attention. 	negative	bernie	
I'm certainly biased but she strikes me as remarkably intelligent. Like, scary smart.Which is why I think sometime people find her "inauthentic" - she doesn't wanna give some stump speech filled with one liners. She wants *this* type of setting.	positive	hillary	
The hashtag SandersOvertheEdge was trending on NY twitter this morning. I'd say the message is getting out. 	positive	
>advocating for children as a young lawyerthis seems like a subtle burn, because the details of her most-known child case does not reflect well on Hillary	negative	
"Fuck" -Hillary	negative	hillary	
Honestly, I'd have a lot more sympathy with Sanders if I thought he was a secret communist. I wouldn't agree with him, but I'd respect his position. In reality though, if he *is* a communist, he's a pretty terrible one "workers of the world... screw you, I'm looking out for America" doesn't have quite the same ring to it. Protectionism ultimately isn't any more pro-worker than unfettered free trade. 	negative	
I admit that she's not my preferred candidate, but it would be crazy to suggest that she doens't know her policies inside and out. She's very knowledgable, probably her biggest asset. Good interview, I won't be worried about voting for her in the fall, but would have liked to see business as usual shaken up ala Sanders. 	positive	hillary	
It's perfectly legitimate to point out that many of Bernie's criticisms of Hillary also apply to Obama. It puts those criticisms into perspective. When Bernie claims that Hillary's donations from Wall Street will prevent her from effectively regulating them, it's fair to note that Obama's donations from Wall Street didn't stop him from signing Dodd-Frank.	negative	
As soon as Bernanke starts pointing out the Fed doesn't do what Sander is asking, he just cuts him off. Same sort of tactics employed by Fox News when facts start getting in the way of their propaganda.	negative	
Bernie is going to take jobs away from hard working bankers and wall street people. Not everyone working in financial areas are rich. There are tellers, janitors, food cafeteria people. lots of people wil be hurt only because he thinks "breaking" things, fix things! stop kidding yourself. we need banks, for mortages for loans. if you break banks what are we gonna do? barter?	negative	bernie	
> The difference is if you want someone who can do all of that but holds different views than you.I don't agree with Hillary on everything, and hate money in politics too.  But electability is a gigantic factor too.  And yes, she is abundantly qualified."Agreeing most" with a candidate is WAY overrated, I think.  Because of the first-past-the-post system we have (like it, or hate it), **electability** is really THE most important issue there is.  Who on my side can best win over whomever they nominate on their side.Yes, of course that requires one to compromise on some things.  Fortunately the things I don't like about Hillary aren't complete deal-breakers for me (they're things I dislike about practically ALL politicians, even the ones I do like).8 years ago I matched the most closely with Dennis Kucinich, but I'll be damned if I was going to volunteer for him, or donate money.  He didn't stand a chance in hell of winning, and couldn't have enacted much of his agenda even if he had somehow gotten into office.There are a certain range of possible outcomes that are -- well, **possible** (i.e. *politically* possible).  YES, moneyed interests have WAY too much influence, but wanting it to be otherwise isn't going to change that in the short term.Hillary will make a relatively good president, probably as good as any I've seen in my lifetime (or at least nearly so) -- and I'm pushing 50.  And as far as being "qualified" - she's as qualified as any candidate I can ever personally remember running. 	positive	hillary	
YES to killing the microphones. That seems to be the only way they'll be able to prevent trump from constantly talking over Hill and the moderators.	negative	t
Well that is a negotiating chip, for sure, but it doesn't have to be used. Trump isn't building that fucking wall btw, it's just not happenign, it's all rhetoric. But yeah, we can go to NATO and say hey, We are doing things this way now, and you have to pay this much. Then begin negotiating. 	positive
That's a brilliant idea for a flair. That's basically the boat I was on until February. You may appreciate her more come fall when the GOP really starts after her.	positive	h
